{'04-24-2016': {('LocalBitcoins Database Allegedly Hacked, Usernames and Passwords for Sale Online', 2): {'[deleted]': 1, 'Would that not have led to a dump rather than a pump?': 2, 'No fiat there to buy coins thus pump. The only effect could be hacker moving XBT to other exchanges to cash out thus dump.': 1, 'I want to believe that.': 2, 'This same person was trying to sell a "bitcointalk.org database" that was obviously fake. This is also very probably fake - a scam to get you to pay 0.05 BTC for the DB download.': 19, 'Shots has been fired': 1, 'I think this is scam, localbitcoins is secure service.': 2, 'They say passwords are included, and that "logins work".': 1, 'Makes sense thanks!': 1, 'Harsh.': 1, 'Meh, fake or not that why 2Fa should be mandatory...': 2, 'Said the passwords were encrypted when I read it and something about them being easily crackable or something. Sounds like bs either way.': 1, "Not that I believe this is legit, but they aren't claiming that the list is of clear text passwords according to the post in the article there.": 1, "If anyone takes the four satoshis from my local bitcoins account, I'll let you all know. ": 2, '>Someone probably had the same credentials on localbtc and stamp...': 2, 'Bitstamp has account numbers not usernames. They would have to hack their email too in order to authenticate withdrawl. Or is that optional like 2fa?': 1, 'Anyone who uses the same username and pw on multiple sites where they have money almost deserves to lose it.': 2, "I call bullshit. There's no way LocalBitcoins keeps cleartext passwords.": 11, 'yeah maybe..': 1, 'Nobody uses 2fa?': 1, 'Easier to withdraw bitcoins.': 3, "LBC accounts don't hold fiat.": 0, "I've got 2fa on there, so whatever..": 2}, ('Any other reliable desktop wallets besides the original bitcoin qt?', 1): {'True if you use the common case to refer to them all with an implicit "(or compatible)".': 2, 'MultiBit Hd, Electrum': 1, "Don't keep all of your coins on it however. cold storage. \n\nSomeone here posted a $200k+ hack recently where they downloaded malware and had their coins taken.\n\nOnly keep what you're using actively on a desktop wallet.": 1, 'Agree, Electrum. Fast, easy, reliable.': 3, 'Electrum, hands down.': 6, 'Copay works everywhere.': 3, "You can't get reliable Bitcoin without either Bitcoin Core or a trusted third party.": 1, 'Not true unless you equate Bitcoin Core as meaning any fully validating node software.': 0}, ('Merchant that I purchased from recently told me I have to use bitcoin from now on...I could use some help.', 4): {'^^ what he said.': 1, "I'm sure many men have.": 2, 'Circle is probably the easiest way to get BTC if you\'ve no technical experience with it (Coinbase is also good, but less user friendly I\'ve found). You can just download the Circle Pay app and connect your debit card to it, like you would with Venmo. Then deposit some money into your account and hit "Send" and enter the BTC address you\'re looking to send to in the "To" field (or hit "Scan" to read a QR code of the BTC address). That\'s it.\n\nThe main reason people here like to shit on Coinbase and Circle is that they are out of touch with the reality of mainstream users who don\'t necessarily want to master all the complexity of holding your own private keys for the BTC. In this case Circle and Coinbase are acting as custodians (like a bank would be) and sending the BTC out on your behalf.': 3, "Here's the thing. If you think BTC will ever go mainstream we need bank-like services like Xapo, Coinbase and Circle to be available to everyday non-technical folk. They should be able to move easily from fiat to BTC without having to download multiple apps, create multiple accounts, memorize multiple passwords/seeds, back up paper wallets etc. Heck, all three of those very credible VC-backed services above are fully insured against theft and loss by third-party insurers... So it's even safer to store BTC with them than keeping them on your own where you're liable to get hacked and lose all your BTC. \n\nLook, personally, I want BTC to go mainstream, you may disagree. That's why I love promoting Circle primarily, to me they are the easiest to use and I've been using them since they launched. ": 1, "What is the frequency and value of these expected payments?\n\nYou probably don't want to buy using paypal / credit card as reputable sellers won't use them (due to risk of chargeback).  I suspect Coinbase would be a good solution.  You transfer money directly from your bank account.  In my opinion they are a well funded and professional venture.": 1, "I should also mention that many people like bitcoin because it doesn't require a banking type entity like paypal, you can actually hold them, yourself, like digital cash.. so many people in this thread and, like the reviews you read don't like, or even hate services like circle and coinbase... but, they are insured and probably more secure for someone like yourself.": 1, 'Lol. Get it girl!': 1, 'I love your merchant.': 4, 'You have to be a shill in order to see the good in hosted wallets? GTFO. ': 0, "Talks like a duck.  Walks like a duck.  Tastes like a duck.  It's a duck.": -1, 'I give free lessons at [Incorporating Bitcoin](https://incorporatingbitcoin.com).': 1, "The best way to buy bitcoins with PayPal is https://www.bitcoinranger.com/. They've been in operation since 2013 and always have better prices than wesellcrypto. Only restrictions are you must live in USA and telephone verify first order. Just download the Electrum desktop wallet and receive your bitcoins to your wallet address.": -1, "Did you that bitcoin fluctuates in value? Circle is best if you don't know anything about bitcoin... because you will just see USD or whatever your local currency is, in your account and arent subject to bitcoins price volitility, but when you send to your supplier, they receive the bitcoin currency, as they requested.... They are insured, just like PayPal, etc.. you don't have to worry about losing your money, unless you are doing illegal or questionable stuff with it. \n\nNow, if you want to dive down the bitcoin rabbit hole, I recommend reading the whitepaper and learning more. It is VERY interesting and you might find that you want to hold some bitcoin currency and maybe even secure some, yourself.": 1, "Coming from what looks like a representative of circle (and looking through your history, it's clear you are one), one should read your comments with a grain of salt.\n\nThe reason people don't like coinbase is because they've led a public relations campaign to undermine the primary bitcoin development team, and have attempted to sideline them.  I don't really have much against circle, except when shills like you  speak of all how wonderful they are without any thought into why people should question their motives.  Frankly, I had enough of you lot with the constant igot shills, and look what's happened to them?\n\nBitcoin users need to secure their coins.  That's the point of bitcoin.  A mycelium wallet and any exchange account (coinjar, xapo, circle, coinbase, etc, etc, ad nauseum) will suffice, and you don't have to trust a company in a space that is replete with scammers.": 1, "You can buy bitcoin with credit card on our website www.247exchange.com/buy\n\nIn your order you just need to type a bitcoin address you want us to send bitcoin to. It's instant. Before paying your first order need to complete verification.": 1, "circle and coinbase are fine for buying bitcoins.. the important thing is to withdraw them and not leave them in their wallet.. it's like if your salary was paid into an uninsured bank - you want to withdraw the cash as soon as you're paid. \n\nInstall a wallet on your phone like [mycelium](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mycelium.wallet&hl=en) and withdraw the BTC there.. then send them to whomever you need to pay from there. Coinbase and circle have a bad habbit of randomly asking intrusive questions you may not want to answer.. it's easier to just ignore them if they aren't holding your money.": 3}, ('Steam to Accept Payments via Bitcoin in its Next Update', 197): {'If someone would have asked me a couple years ago if Valve would accept Bitcoin before releasing Half Life 3 I would have laughed. ': 16, 'great great great news..': 1, "Perhaps a short-term boost, but reality is, they're just accepting Bitpay, and probably converting immediately to fiat, like most. ": 5, "I'm grateful that my father was nerdy and introduced me to PC gaming. Looking back, yeah, there must have been a big barrier for entry to have the know-how to  install and play games like the Ultima series on DOS.  ": 2, 'We are one day closer to a world in which I can trade Team Fortress 2 hats for crypto!': 1, 'The time has come to make the first purchase on steam. Till now i have only purchased using humble bundle.': 9, '[deleted]': 9, 'Can we get some number forecast?  \n\n\nHow much sales revenue in Bitcoin after one month, and how much per month after one year?\n\n\nWhat impact on BTC price?': 1, 'Dem millionaires now.': 1, 'It was already big news a few days ago. Still bullish nonetheless.': 5, "After one of the recent steam database breaches, I suggested in /r/steam that BTC should be accepted. The response was 'WTFLOLO gud luck w ur fake money!' \nSame goes for the Blizzard forums. Something tells me that the gamer community has become predominantly angry type-2 diabetic neckbeards that actually know next to nothing about technology, disruption, or money.  I would bet money that the average IQ of a gamer 15 years ago is 10pts higher. \n": 2, 'You mean you thought they would never accept bitcoin? lol': 2, 'yeah, and hacking them made me smarter than the games itself.': 1, "Good, my Oculus Rift will be here Friday and I'm a little strapped for green backs.": 4, 'Any guesses to how much this will affect bitcoins price?': 2, 'Boom.': 0, "HL2: Episode 2 was released 9 years ago. Bitcoin didn't exist when it was released. It's not like Valve is a floundering company with a well loved franchise and had to make a sacrifice...": 2, "The market assumes companies will accept bitcoin as money. This kind of news is beating a dead horse. Needless to say it's not bad news.": 1, '> I would bet money that the average IQ of a gamer 15 years ago is 10pts higher.\n\nCould probably say the same thing about average Bitcoiner 5 years ago :-)\n\nMost technology, as it becomes more approachable, and has a lower barrier to entry, has average users than trend downward in terms of intelligence, community ethics, etc.': 6}, ('21 million coins. No censorship. Open-Source. Permissionless. Pseudonymous. Fungible. Irreversible Transactions.', 64): {"It's not. That's my point. Coins aren't distinguishable once they've been put together. You can't know which block your coins came from because they are indistinguishable from coins that came from different blocks but at one point were combined into the same utxo. Which block your coin was mined in is literally unknowable. It's not well defined. ": 1, "That's a good point. For a lot of people that will be enough but I think we underestimate just how smart the blockchain tracking software is going to become.\n\nUntil we see privacy baked into the core protocol, I don't see bitcoin becoming 100% fungibile.": 5, "You keep responding by extending your description of the problems address reputation would cause. You aren't following my point. ": 1, 'Confidential Transactions ': 3, 'Yes, I forgot about this, they are as different inputs to the same address. Thanks!\n': 2, 'Bitcoin is not fungibile.\n\nFungility mean that it is impossible to distinguish two different unit of a currency.\n\nThe "coin" in Bitcoin have different history clearly available in the blockchain, therefore two different coin can be distinguished.\n': 0, "> Distinguishing individual coins is impossible. \n\nCoins are only indistinguishable when they are at the same address, but **not all coins are at the same address**, so not all coins are indistinguishable. They need to have some distinguishable characteristic for you to know you have coins at your address at all!\n\n>  Some would go to addresses they controlled, some not.\n\nDoesn't matter the coins don't belong to what ever address they end up at. People will (and have in past) want to get their stolen coins back where ever they end up.\n\n> You can't taint those coins, so you would have to decide how much regulatory burden to place on owners of those addresses, because they can't prevent themselves from receiving tainted coins and they can't separate the tainted coins from the others once they receive them.\n\nMost people/businesses have empty receiving addresses, where they could if they wanted look at the history of the received coins before mixing them with clean coins or decide to put them with equally tainted coins or returning them to the sender or reporting them to the authorities, etc.\n\nYou could have hackers randomly disbursing their stolen goods on clean addresses but not only would they take a loss, but they would be doing this because **bitcoin is not fungible**, if bitcoin were fungible there would be no point in them doing this, would there be?\n\nAlso a person who sees this activity on their address may also decide to turn the coins to the authorities untainting their address.\n": 1, "It's the 1/8th tainted aspect I'm trying to point out above. The fact that you can blend tainted and untainted coins indistinguishably makes regulatory power much less effective. It is a valuable property and it makes me sad when people assume address reputation means Bitcoin isn't fungible. Privacy is good! But the system is already more robust to regulatory attack than its usually given credit for. ": 2, '*Soon to be fungible': 20, ' Gavin *cough* Coinbase will not allow that. Is the picture becoming clearer?': 0, 'Confidential transactions combined with coinjoin hides both the amounts and the connection between sender and recipient.': 5, 'It would be great if it was enough to provide fungility.\n\nUnfortunately it is not.\n\nIf you make a payment using one tainted output (for example an output coming from an address known to be linked to illegal activities) the "coin" the receiver will get will be tainted too.\n\nReproduce this method every time a payment is made and you can build up an history hurting the value of that coin compare to a clean, fresh coin.\n\nIf you want to known what it takes to make a fungible currency look at ring signature and monero and you will have a sense of how much effort and complexity you have to go trought to hide a coin history at the protocol level.': 0, "Private interests choosing how they do business has no impact on fungibiilty.\n\nIf I trace your coins to a theft it doesn't hurt Bitcoin's fungibility because you are a thief and I refuse to deal with you.": 0, "fungiblity isn't a technical feature of bitcoin, its just that people (and governments) don't yet care about tainted coins and addresses, but maybe after a few more mtgox, cryptsys, and shapeshift hacks they will start caring.\n": 0, "> Once a coin has entered an address there is no way to distinguish it from the other coins at that address. That's fungibility.\n\nThat's not right, coins stored in different utxos are distinguishable even if the receiving address is the same.": 1, "If that were true, you could tell what blocks your coins were mined from. The reason you can't is because the coins themselves are fungible. As soon as they arrive in the same address as coins from another block is is fundamentally unknowable which coins are which. Source address is not a property of individual coins. Consider the following:\n\nAlice and Satoshi each send Bob 1 btc. Later Bob sends one btc to Charlie and one to Diane. Who has Satoshi's bitcoin? It is unknowable. You could decide that Satoshi's reputation is so bad that it taints any coins his coins ever share an address and that Charlie and Diane are both tainted now (Address reputation). But you can't taint Satoshi's coin. It has no individual identity or history. The distinction matters. ": 0, 'People use coinjoin for a reason,\n\nEven if coinjoin is good to hide coin history you can still end up with tainted coin.\n\nUnless mixing is enforced at the protocol level, fungibility is not fixed.': 1, "The point being made is that those private interests should not have the *technical ability* to discriminate based on outputs or address taint. It should be made near-impossible to discern a coin's history in order to protect fungibility.\n\nIf you accept a transaction directly from someone online, and then try to use those funds on an exchange, what happens if the exchange denies *you* service due to the history of the coins? That is the threat to fungibility.": 2, 'By this definition, colored coins cannot exist. Also, using coins for anything other than a denomination of bitcoin would fall outside your strict and limiting definition.\n\nSome coins are going to be more valuable than others. This already happens. Mined coins are bought off-market and are considered more valuable than others. US Marshall Auction coins have different values than coins in circulation. Consumers who wish should be able to decide for themselves which transaction chains are suitable for themselves. This is how the market works.\n\nYour proposal limits Bitcoin by forcing ignorance on people.': 1, "That's a fair point. It's easy to destroy that history, but this is closer to a true fungibility issue than the rest of this thread. ": 1, 'oh yeah.': 1, "The fundamental principles are key to its value.  If we do a good job educating newcomers about this, they won't want to change these aspects of Bitcoin.": 7, 'All written in the blockchain.': 0, "You can't taint coins in Bitcoin, only addresses. That's my point. Once a coin has entered an address there is no way to distinguish it from the other coins at that address. That's fungibility. What you are describing is address reputation and it is bad, but it is less bad than losing true fungibility would be. The distinct matters because it limits the strength of regulatory efforts. Fungibility with address reputation is essentially analogous to the constraints that can be placed on physical cash.": 0, "OK, if you don't consider physical cash fungible than I agree that Bitcoin fails that same standard. Until the very recent invention of certain altcoins nothing has been fungible by that standard, though. I tend to favor an older definition of fungibility, and consider what you are describing to be privacy. ": 1, "Fungibility is *ucked already, just ask bitpay! They refused someone's payment due to coin origin, there is no reason why other businesses won't do the same especially if required by government. Anonymity at the protocol level is a pressing matter, developers don't seem to realize that.": 18, 'Do you understand the concept of fungibility? Colored coins being used to represent the title of a car are representing more than just the value of the bitcoin itself. If you uncolored that colored coin, it will still have the same value as non-colored coins. This has literally nothing to do with fungibility.': 1, 'You understand that you will need to be able to see the transaction history and, by definition, those coins will have different value than non-colored coins, right?\n\n': 1, 'bro, where can i buy this magical coin?': 9, "If I donate $100 to an address associated with the KKK, confidential transactions only hides the amount. I'm still permanently linked to the KKK and can have future transactions blocked. \n\nConfidential transactions will be a great step for BTC if implemented but it doesn't solve the fungibility problem.": 3, "Bitcoin is fungible. People abuse the term. Address reputation and fungibility are not interchangeable concepts. Not to imply that those efforts to remove address reputation as a vector of regulatory attack aren't important. But Bitcoin is fungible *today* and that's not negligible. It is impossible to distinguish individual Bitcoin already. That matters because true lack of fungibility would make regulatory efforts more powerful than they can actually be with only address reputation. We do ourselves a disservice by collapsing the two together. ": 2, '>  can have future transactions blocked.\n\nBy who?\n\nAnd CT with CoinJoin can fix this': 4, 'The source address is a property of the coins you recieve, you can look at the history of the address and see what other addresses its associated with and use that to grade coins, meaning **coins are not all equal**, they are only as fungible as people care to look.': 0, "> makes regulatory power much less effective.\n\nTrue. But if, at a traffic stop, a cop needs a mere speckle of marijuana to taint your whole car AND you enough to throw you in jail for a few years... It all depends on what rules make that 1/8th and what consequences are associated with such value.\n\n> It is a valuable property and it makes me sad when people assume address reputation means Bitcoin isn't fungible.\n\nVery much agreed. But that depends on not having politicians doing the above. It would be awesome if we can strengthen fungibility and/or make it harder/impossible for such politicians to even begin to imagine a prohibition.\n\n> Privacy is good! But the system is already more robust to regulatory attack than its usually given credit for. \n\nAgreed.": 1, '[deleted]': 3, 'Have a good one': 1, "I still disagree. \n\nConsumers should be allowed to decide for themselves what is best. To me, it's like choosing not to accept dollars with traces of cocaine. Impossible, but not with Bitcoin. \n\nI don't buy the argument that hiding the history of coins improves fungibility. ": 0, 'Yes, cash and "bank account dollars" are not fungible. That is why criminals will pay an average of 10-20% to move between cash and bank accounts.': 1, "Look at it this way as well, bitcoins sitting at a hackers address will be worth less then bitcoins sitting in a clean address. Why? Because even if you didn't do the hack yourself using those coins could flag you with authorities and raise questions in an investigation of the source of those coins. There are invisible costs in getting coins from a tainted address. It doesn't happen today because people and governments don't care yet, but bitcoin allows for this, and its something that can **allow for grades of coin based upon history of the associated addresses.**": 1, 'Well that\'s because you\'re on the edge of where the "coin" analogy breaks down. If you want to call them coins then they\'re only temporary coins and every transaction destroys all the input coins and spawns new output "coins".\n\nLike melting x gold coins into y fresh new coins.\n\nOn the other hand it\'s quite possible to (maybe slightly inaccurately) say that one can trace coins from address to address and apply tainting rules to them. In that case you\'re talking about the aggregate of multiple coins and not really individual coins anymore. You just define rules like "if one input has cocaine residue on it then all output coins will also". Or, if you like, more accurately: "if 1 cocaine coin is mixed with 7 clean coins, then the output coins will all be 1/8th cocaine tainted."\n\nAnd similarly you can trace some coins stolen from MtGox to a year later being in the hands of Bob (whether he\'s to blame for that is a different story).\n\nI guess in the aggregate the coin analogy holds up a little longer, but sure all analogies have a breaking point.': 1, "Blocked is the wrong word. I think I meant rejected by a vendor or the transaction is ignored by miners due to the origin of the coins.\n\nI'm hoping you're right and CT and CoinJoin resolve the issue but I'm pessimistic due to block chain analytic companies. Either way there is some serious progress being made in the fight for fungibility.": 1, 'It is a fact that bitcoins are not fungible, since "clean coins" are sold at a premium on certain markets. ': 3, 'I do not understand what there is to disagree on.\n\nFungibility = 1 bitcoin is equal to any other bitcoin.\n\nIf an exchange or merchant does not know (because it is a technical impossibility) that the coins were stolen at some point in their history, they would accept them with no questions asked. However, if they are able to reject outputs based on historical taint, then *that bitcoin is not equal to all other bitcoin*. It is a direct threat to fungibility in the most basic sense.\n\nAs a private individual or business, it is up to you to determine who you do business with. However, at the protocol level, all bitcoin should be equal to and indistinguishable from all other bitcoin in order to protect the fungibility of the tokens.': 2, "Because you keep pretending coins are not tied to an address, the address allows you to grade a coin, be able to compare that coin to other coins (in another address) and from that be able to **discriminate against it. AKA not fungible!**\n\nFungibility ultimately isn't black and white (while you can compare pennies for scratches people don't care to) but its about how easy it is to discriminate one coin from another in a meaningful way, which you can do with bitcoin, its fungibility is simply sitting on the fact that people currently choose to not do it. Which again goes back to my original point that you haven't responded to which is that **fungibility isn't a feature of bitcoin.**\n\nComparatively there are other cryptocurrencies where fungibility is an intended feature because their history is made meaningless except to make sure new coins are not minted or double spent. And there are changes people are pushing for in Bitcoin to make it more fungible.\n": 0, 'Which blocks were your coins mined in?': 1, "> Actually, coins are perfectly distinguishable, even on the same address. They're still distinct coins.\n\nWhat you are talking about is utxos. Utxos are perfectly distinguishable, but coins are not (as you say; they don't actually exist). Bitcoin transactions are multi-input multi-output, so the source of coins in output1 cannot be attributed to any specific subset of the input utxos.\n\nNote how if bitcoin only allowed single input transactions, this distinction would be irrelevant.": 1, 'Confidential transactions hides transaction amounts, which makes Coinjoin transactions nearly impossible to reverse engineer': 2, 'It is a fact that people pay to launder ill-gotten $USD. Would you consider cash fungible?': 0, 'Never "upgrade" your full node to a consensus ruleset that doesn\'t enforce those values.': 6, "You can't grade coins. You can only grade addresses. Distinguishing individual coins is impossible. What you are describing is *address reputation*. It is a real problem, but calling it fungibility is inaccurate. If Bitcoin were fungible governments could blacklist the coins themselves, which would be a lot more powerful than address reputation. \n\nConsider a hacker who steals 1000 coins. They could split them up into a thousand transactions. Some would go to addresses they controlled, some not. Some to addresses with money in them, some not. Some would keep moving on to new addresses, some not. You can't taint those coins, so you would have to decide how much regulatory burden to place on owners of those addresses, because they can't prevent themselves from receiving tainted coins and they can't separate the tainted coins from the others once they receive them. Innocent actors will be mixed with guilty and the coins themselves are totally fungible. Your only option as a government is address reputation - which is strictly less powerful. \n\nI'm not saying address privacy isn't important I am saying it is not interchangeable with fungibility. Bitcoin is already fungible. ": 1, '> Coins are only indistinguishable when they are at the same address, but not all coins are at the same address, so not all coins are indistinguishable. They need to have some distinguishable characteristic for you to know you have coins at your address at all!\n\nActually, coins are perfectly distinguishable, even on the same address. They\'re still distinct coins. You can separately see them "entering" or "exiting" an address. The fact that they\'re on the same address only provides extra meta information in that they both belong to the same owner.\n\n(Disclaimer: there actually are no coins at all, but since it makes talking about it a bit easier it\'s ok to pretend sometimes.)': 2, '> By this definition, colored coins cannot exist.\n\nFalse. Colored coins make bitcoin distinct from others in order to serve a purpose, such as representing a different asset, and can be uncolored at any time. \n\n> anything other than a denomination of bitcoin would fall outside your strict and limiting definition\n\nNow you\'re just being pedantic. It was an example that works for any denomination of bitcoin.\n\n> Some coins are going to be more valuable than others. This already happens.[...]\n\nYou are describing market premiums. This has nothing to do with fungibility. \n\n> Consumers who wish should be able to decide for themselves which transaction chains are suitable for themselves. \n\nThose consumers can set specific rules with those individuals or businesses that both parties must comply with. It\'s not like improving fungibility somehow decreases ones ability to sign messages.\n\n> Your proposal limits Bitcoin by forcing ignorance on people.\n\nNo, it doesn\'t. It protects the asset known as "bitcoin" from becoming non-fungible.': 1, "Coinjoin don't fix fungility..\n\nYou mix your bitcoin with other Bitcoin.\n\nThe Bitcoin you end with have an history too, therefore still not fungible.\n\nIn practice you are likely to end up with tainted coins.": 1}, ('Bitcoin Snaps: Surges To Fresh 2016 Highs On Burst Of Buying | Zero Hedge', 38): {'Sweet pun': 3, "Honestly can't tell what to make of zerohedge.": 5, 'Always have to do a #MikeDrop when you crush it like Bitcoin does': 1, 'what is the non slippage high we reached? lol': 1, 'Perhaps you are unaware.......Tyler Durden at ZH is not one person. There are countless writers who contribute to ZH who post their OPed pieces and stories under that one single name in an attempt to keep the identities of all contributors anonymous.\n\nPerhaps there is one person who posts at ZH under that name who owns and supports bitcoin, or there could be many writers there who hold bitcoin and contribute positive-worded pieces such as this latest one. ': 2, 'bitfinex and coinbase both hit 465.': 0, 'Based on the recent coverage Tyler Durden(s) confirmed as huge bitcoin hodler': 7, 'Tyler def a hodler and zero hedge in general seems to be pro but the readership are gold pom pom people. Don\'t get me wrong I like gold as money as much as the next zero hedger but they all seem to be "Team Gold" and have closed their minds to anything else': 7, "True, although I like to think they're a bit more clued up than your average monetarist, which is why I think it's surprising they treat money like religion": 1, 'At zerohedge the sky is always falling. I agree with some of their general sentiments, but feel they are a bit over the top. ': 3, 'Crickets.': 2, 'The death of bitcoin has been highly exaggerated. ': 5, 'Have you read zerohedge comments?  There is no educating going on there!': 3, "2016 highs? Sure about that one? Only bitstamp actually broke it and that's because of slippage.": -1, "That's a very good point, they certainly think that, and like you say it should be considered.  It's good to plan for the worst but if you *only* plan for the worst it makes you unadaptive.  Preaching to the choir here but still": 2, "Some of those people on zero hedge are preparing for a complete collapse of society and its infrastructure. I get the sense that a lot of them think that internet money will have no value when you have no internet. Some speculate about EMP attacks etc. and in those cases I agree, but I'm not THAT paranoid. ": 6, "This is true, but we were awfully close. Won't be long before we break it.": 1, 'Keep in mind that Tyler Durton is probably a pseudonym for multiple contributing authors.': 2, 'Paging Mike Hearn ....': 7, "Well, be patient with them.. Educate them... They will come around and will be the most vocal advocates as they begin to understand bitcoin.  What they know about Bitcoin so far is what CNBC told them since that's the channel all those traders watch religiously... ": 3, 'That makes sense': 2, 'Tyler Durden is the same aliens behind satoshi nakamoto. ': 2, 'Yes': 2}, ('help a "slightly above average" lay person w/ lightning network', 4): {"You and I create a 2-of-2 multisig address and I fund it with one bitcoin. Now I want to pay you 0.1 BTC, so we create a signed transaction that says 0.1 BTC goes to you and the remaining 0.9 BTC goes to me. But we don't broadcast it. We save it like an IOU because we plan on making a lot of transactions. So we do a few more, and each time we create and save a signed transaction without broadcasting it. Now you want to send me some. It works the same way, and we just keep recreating the signed IOU transaction to reflect our latest balances. Transactions will be almost instant and extremely cheap. We can do this indefinitely, and once we're finished, we finally broadcast the transaction to the Bitcoin network and the amounts get settled to our on-chain addresses. \n\nThat's the gist of it. Add in some sweet Tor routing and you can transact with people who you don't even have a payment channel with, as long as the network can hop through various channels to get to the recipient. A lot of research is going into making sure it's trustless and decentralized, and that cheating or failing to cooperate with your counterparts is strongly disincentivized. \n\nCheck out the summary and white paper on https://lightning.network for a deeper look.": 4, 'thanks, great explanation. ': 2, 'See my answer to [How does the Lightning network work in simple terms?](http://bitcoin.stackexchange.com/a/43701/5406) on Bitcoin.SE.': 3, 'Nice explanation, but the term IOU is misleading. This is not an IOU since the redemption does not depend on the trust of the other party.\nSince it does not depend on trust, it should be considered plain bitcoin, except they are transacted offchain instead of onchain until the pending transaction is broadcasted.': 7, 'Yes, better, they are more anonymous than an onchain transaction as all your transactions will not appear in the blockchain forever, and only people between you and the destination will be able to see a payment pass through.': 3, "thank you, i've heard this a few times now, but everyone's explanation being slightly different is helping me get my head around it.": 3, 'Can LN channels be anonymous?': 3, "Bottom line for semi technical person: don't worry much about the details. They go deep. But it promises something like 100 - 10000x scaling of bitcoin through the use of some sophisticated smart contracts that allow people to repeatedly transact without hitting the bitcoin blockchain. It also gives us instant confirmation (with the same level of confirmed bitcoin transactions) when you have funds available in the network. There are also proposals to use onion routing to make payments anonymous. The fees are expected to approach 0. That's about it.": 3, "They will have the same pseudonymous traits as on-chain transactions. Nobody can tell how much volume has been pushed between the two parties. They won't even be able to tell a channel exists. One could argue it's actually more private than the transactions we know today.  ": 2}, ('How would you sell a large quantity of bitcoin?', 1): {'If you are a US citizen there are extra IRS/FinCEN self-reporting thresholds for foreign accounts at $10k balance and $50k balance. FBAR is the FinCEN form.': 0, 'I think the easiest would be to sell them on some exchange like coinbase or kraken...': 2, 'HODL': 4, "I should have been clearer. If you couldn't use bitcoin to buy what you wanted, and had to convert back to USD or whatever.": 1, 'Well it depends on the scenario and where abouts.  In person is always recommended ': 1, "I should have been clearer. I meant, for example, if you had $100,000 worth of bitcoin, whether that is made up of 2,000 bitcoin or 1 bitcoin, and bitcoin isn't accepted at the vendor.": 2, "Obviously, this would be the ideal scenario. I'm talking about if the seller of the item you wanted to buy didn't accept bitcoin.": 3, 'Not at all. ': 6, 'Do not reccommend coinapult. Reat their ToS.\n\nThey will take your coins if they are dormant for a couple years.': 1, 'A few things to think about, are you going to need to sell them?\n\nIf Bitcoin goes mainstream you will be able to use them to purchase almost anything you need.\n\nIn the interim, people will wait for interim highs and sell into heavy buying volume in a process called distribution. \n\nIf you had coins in cold storage and wanted to sell you would need to preempt where you think the top of the market is and then pull them out of cold storage in order to sell.\n\nThere would be temporary risk of holding large amounts of capital on exchanges that you would need to take into account. ': 3, 'http://i.imgur.com/gE8hDnY.jpg': 7, 'The order books on the exchanges show how much liquidity there is.   This means if you want to sell N bitcoins, the order book\'s depth chart shows what the price will be that your complete sell trade for N bitcoins would execute at.\n\nFor instance, the current best bid on BitStamp might be $460.  But to sell 1,000 \nbitcoins all at once that would bring only about $455,000, or an average selling price of $455 each.\n\nOf course, this means you would first need to send those N bitcoins to the exchange prior to trading -- which is a risk not everyone with N bitcoins wishes to take due to exchanges doing stuff like freezing your account, or the exchange being hacked, or whatever. \n\nSo what might be prudent is to sell a little over time, ... e.g., Send 10% of your total sell target to an exchange today, sell and withdraw, then after receiving those funds, send the next 10%.\n\nRinse and repeat.\n\nIf you just want to "lock in" at a certain price without necessarily withdrawing the funds to your bank, you can use something like Uphold, Vaultoro, or Coinapult locks to move the value to fiat or precious metals even.  Again, using a service like Uphold means you are taking the risk that they might not let you withdraw your funds when you want to .... maybe they want more ID verification, or whatever.\n\nThe point is that ***if you don\'t hold it, you don\'t own it***.': 5, 'secondmarket': 1, 'You can do it by trading them person to person.': 2, 'Re: additional considerations - If you have them in a paper wallet, you MUST sweep (send the entire amount) to a new wallet you control (make sure to back up said new wallet first), even if you only plan to use part of it. If necessary, create a new paper wallet for the remainder. Otherwise you risk losing them, because of how change addresses work.': 3, "Put them up for sale in several exchanges. Spread them around, e.g. some at 460, 461, 462, etc. Then just wait for your orders to get picked up. \n\nOr just do it on 1 exchange and slowly feed them into the order books as you're comfortable with. \n\nNow, if Bitcoin goes mainstream with people being paid in BTC, then it won't matter --- you'll just be able to pay for what you want in BTC. \n\nIf we're talking simple, normal bubble or high/peak scenarios, then most likely it doesn't matter how you do it as the volume will be there and you can simply sell into the market depth with no significant impact, unless you have a LOT of bitcoins. ": 2, "You don't sell them, you use them to buy.\n": 8, 'Nice answer, thanks!': 2, 'What is "crazy high"?  \n\nYou would sell them on an exchange, or use them to purchase goods and services, just like any other form of money.  The "price" is, by definition, the equilibrium point of supply and demand curves, so there are buyers at any price that Bitcoin, or anything for that matter, "hits".  ': 3, '*D was here*': 1, 'Where you bought them from': 1}, ("Some of you weren't around to know but Bitcoinity.org would post special graphics to celebrate all time highs", 76): {"That way you know it's legit.": 2, 'https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pXvaAP29Bn4': 1, 'At what number was this one http://i.imgur.com/2KBuNoH.gif\n\n$800?': 2, 'is that bill gates???': 2, 'lol @ conspiracy in the background': 10, 'You can cheat a little. Keep watching http://bitcoinity.org/markets/coinbase/USD and once it hits $500 you get the "ATH experience minus iddqd".': 1, 'Hell yeah they [did](http://i.imgur.com/O7RAQwp.jpg)': 4, 'i remember exactly where i was :D': 1, 'Remember [this one](http://i.imgur.com/NdCYu0E.gifv)? Good times.': 3, "Ahh I'd forgotten about those, good times. Let's hope we see another few this year.": 1, "Watch the site when it's close to 1000 ": 2, "I've yet to experience an ATH. Can't wait! ": 3, 'What\'s a "mtgox"?': 2, 'haha yeah i remember, very funny': 1, "Wow. While I wish I had gotten in earlier, I'm afraid one minute lag times would have been my undoing. I would have totally rekt myself.": 1, 'And this thing called Audible. ': 1, 'still my favorite: http://i.imgur.com/FT2nacl.jpg': 13, 'Audible did BTC, let me post to conspiracy.': 1, 'My fav was the dancing flying pigs throwing greenbucks around at $100.  ': 3, 'Ok, what all time high are we celebrating now?': 0, 'At $200, on Apr 9 2013:\n\nhttp://i.imgur.com/OdZK2bs.jpg': 10, 'this were the times... mt gox.. lag time > 1 min.. :D': 4, 'I remember one on the way down too, when the April \'13 bubble was crashing, saying "I REGRET NOTHING"': 3, "I'll go back when it's closer to 1200. ": 1, 'also around 1k: http://i.imgur.com/w6yV6mD.jpg': 7}, ('Bitfinex & Bitstamp just have 2,500 BTC buys simultaneously', 115): {'as long these exchangers are not regulated, they don\'t have a financial license, they can do whatever they want. \nthat\'s why they like to be in shadow. they report to nobody, there is no audit...nothing.\n\n they can manipulate the market as they want and the clients/community is on "silence" mode. :)\n\nWilly bot is in action.': 1, 'How so?  I was just making an observation about what possibly happened. ': -2, "I don't. I'm just calling you out. You don't happen to happen to have a very similar Xbox live username do you?": 1, 'Not in a relatively small market like Bitcoin. Of course, once we start seeing sells with a similar volume, people start crying manipulation.': 4, 'But who does the buy sell buttons': 1, 'Just checking. I knew somebody that had a similar username to yours. ': 1, "i think you need to look up the definition of arbitrage because what you described isn't it.": 0, "Didn't November happen in part because of the false market data coming from gox?": 1, 'runescape duel pits got it ': 1, 'There are a lot of people who perpetuate this idea that there is "price manipulation" by "the big boys", who are of course never defined.  The idea is that the price is controlled by others, but the reality is prices are set by two parties who want to transact with each other.  It shouldn\'t really matter to you if you are not part of the transaction.\n\nThe reason people do this is they like to have some mysterious force (manipulation) for their misfortune and why their investments consistently under perform the market rather than looking at the real cause--themselves.\n\nNo one is pumping or manipulating (or rather more accurately if they do it has no effect).  And furthermore, even if someone were to pump up and investment and sell it to some dumbass so what?  The ultimate value of something is going to be independent of someone getting duped\n\n': 1, 'Lol whut?': 2, 'Wow what a scam': 6, 'China is always awake.   ': 3, "I don't play live ": 1, "figure, if you have $20 million worth of btc then pumping it with a couple million isn't a bad idea.": -2, "Arb bots would most likely push the price down on bitfinex.  Also, it would be crazy to allow an arb bot to place a trade that big.  You'd most likely see a series of opposite trades on both exchanges until the prices converged.": 3, 'Unless you are trying to push the price higher.': 10, 'What if they are spreading! ': 1, 'https://youtu.be/n0E7EaRLmSI?t=170': 2, 'TradingView.com ': 2, 'How much would you consider a healthy profit after spending 2.25$ Million?': 5, 'Kim Dotcom?': 2, 'bitfinex definately and possibly other exchanges\n\nbut beware if you short sell you will need BTC or USD as collateral. if you are leveraged 5 to 1 and if the market moves against you by 20% then you would be wiped out.': 2, 'Guess again. ': 4, 'buying 1x2500 vs buying 50x50 over a day.\n\nwould they both move the markets the same way? would one be more persistent in the price change?': 4, "It might be not so simple in presence of stop orders and margin calls. You can intentionally trigger them to profit when they execute.\n\nE.g. suppose you know that there is large number of stop orders triggered at $455. So you push it up to that amount and then stop orders push price further. So you can sell back at a higher price.\n\nSame thing about forced liquidation: it's a positive feedback, you only need to give it a nudge.": 2, "repeat till it's true": 3, 'How was that relevant lol': 2, "2500 at once catches your attention more. Seems like it's more about making a statement or attempt at price manipulation. ": 2, 'You can be a tycoon instead of just a soothsayer if you had the balls to short. ': 1, 'Dinner of course.': 2, 'Yuge': 9, 'Maybe this is the first buy of a whale spread.  ': 14, 'This could be someone wiping out BTC short sell positions that would be hilarious.': 2, 'Lol watt': 2, 'Yes, I know all that. But the effect regardless of many arb bots running would be relaying the movement up across multiple exchanges.': 1, 'Always.  Keep the price low by spreading buys.': 10, "Isn't it simply noticing a difference in price between markets and making a profit on that difference? How do you mess up that simple a transaction?": 1, 'wow latt': 3, 'To be honest its just a joke. Everyone was buying ETH like crazy, they wanted 1,500 because thats what you needed to stake.': 6, 'much hopium!': 1, "hm yeah, what's going on with that? not that I mind :p": 2, 'The actual buying and selling happens either on the exchanges (bitfinex, bitstamp, btcc etc.) or in person ( atm, localbitcoin, cash). These charts represent one of the specific exchanges.\n\nHere you can see the average price of BTC on a per country and per exchange basis: https://bitcoinaverage.com/': 1, 'thanks.  Totally not going to do it now, but who knows what the future holds.  I honestly think things are just going to keep going up for a lot longer.': 2, 'where can you short sell?': 1, 'Think u started it from the wrong spot': 1, 'This seems like the most likely explanation.  Someone probably wants to sell a huge position and thinks that by spiking the price they can unload gradually at a better price.  Will be interesting to watch what happens.': -1, "Its there, but it doesn't do anything.": 2, 'Umm. This is called arbitrage. Buying on one exchange causes buying on the other (in order to sell on the higher moving exchange).': -6, 'To stake what?': 2, 'Lol wat?': 2, 'initiating a super spike seems like an extremely risky endeavor!': 6, 'Actually, that is not how you do it. Spikes like this inevitably retreat fast, and this retreat creates resistance for the near future.\n\nIt was either margin call, or big position take regardless of price. Or fat finger.': 2, 'If I had 2.5 million I would do the same thing.': 11, '[i know :(](https://theserpentsquill.files.wordpress.com/2013/08/girl-woman-rain-umbrella-train-railway-station-platform-suitcase.jpg)\n\n': 3, 'wait til china wakes up': 10, "I'm hodling": 1, 'What broker is using that tradingview? ': 1, "I've heard several reasons. Some people say it was the Willie bot, some say Chinese speculation. I just meant similar in magnitude, not cause.": 3, 'Thats a screenshot from my tradingview screen. ': 2, '[bye bye](http://cdn.hexjam.com/editorial_service/bases/images/000/007/989/xlarge/missing_train.jpg?1420811406)': 8, 'Lol wut ': 2, 'Agreed.': 0, "Buying 50*50 would generally keep the price low unless it's a super bullish market.\n\nHowever if he is a huge bull whale who wants a big rise, it makes sense for him to have huge single buys.": 1, '"No one is pumping or manipulating", you must be new here': 2, "I'm calling ETF progress and preparations being made.": 0, "Found the guy that didn't get on the train.": 2, 'Dump incoming': -1, 'lol wt': 2, 'Yeah, definitely have a much different effect in the market. Buying so much at once seems stupid.. But on both exchanges at the same time?': 1, 'itshappening.gif ': 1, 'People like you really disgust me': -4, "Because he doesn't have 2.5 million?": 0, "How do you know I don't plan on it?": 1, "Where's the screenshot from?": 1, '2,500 is what you need to stake': 2, "Probably millions range. It would mostly make sense for someone who had been accumulating a large position over the last few months/years who is trying to initiate a super spike (like November 2013). If you read reminiscences of a stock operator, you'll see that Jesse Livermore used similar techniques to this.": 6}, ('TransferWise CEO Thinks Talking Down On Bitcoin Is a Good Business Strategy', 0): {'Please more people bash bitcoin, price goes up when it gets bashed ': 1}, ('Bitcoin is an Attractive Saddle Point, Most Other Markets are a Bubble - explained using Complexity Science', 1): {'You are attracted to Bitcoin by profit of free market economy, then once you are at Bitcoin you profit evenby hoddling. Saddle.': 2, 'Sure, [Complexity Explorer](https://www.complexityexplorer.org/) has some good intro resources': 2, 'I didn\'t think it was a *human* saddle.  I know what saddle look like but you say a saddle in 3D. So is that from the side, the top, isometric?   Are we just talking about a "U" shape?': 1, 'I kept trying to picture what the heck a saddle looks like in 3D?!?  Give a man a visual aid.': 1, 'Yeah, just saddle. Or saddle up and hodl. I like it': 1, 'Honestly no I really just need a picture.  When is a U facing up?  Do you mean right-side up?  I am interested in complexity theory though if you want to point me to some good resources.': 1, "Like a horse's saddle. Maybe I should've said that. I'll stick a diagram in, cheers": 1, "It's both, so two U's, one facing up the other facing down and perpendicular. So agents in the system attracted to it come into the upward facing one so tend to the middle, hence the attraction part. The repelled ones come into the downward facing one, so just go over the top of the saddle and away. Does that makes sense? Granted a picture tells a thousand words": 1, 'Tl;dr  Economic bubbles are actually a type of Saddle Point in a complex system, where regulating feedback loops that limit malinvestment and kill off bubbles early are removed by forceful intervention.  These loops include diversity of investment strategies and timings, diversity of competition in the real economy, market transparency, freedom of agents, and valuations.  Spotting and timing bubbles is about assessing the attractors and repellers that make them up.  Right now financial markets represent one giant saddle point bubble that has been allowed to flourish by central bankers removing the regulating feedback loops in the system.  But repelling forces are coming to dominate, and ironically these repelling forces are the same ones that previously acted as attractors - monetary intervention and earnings boosting trickery.\nBitcoin is now acting as an attractor for the repelling force that intervention has now become.  There will and have been severe bubbles in the dollar bitcoin price, but the bitcoin ecosystem has the necessary regulating feedback loops to parse malinvestment more efficiently, making it even more attractive.\n\nTl;dr tl;dr  Bitcoin is an Attractor in complex adaptive systems terms, and will grow exponentially now the intervened/controlled economy\xe2\x80\x99s primary attractors of intervention are becoming repellers.': 1}, ('We need a rewards type debit card', 0): {'There is also this one for bills in Australia: https://www.livingroomofsatoshi.com/rewards': 1, 'Pluto.': 1, 'There is already one. Go have a look at CoinsBank (the old Bit-X) https://coinsbank.com/cards\n\nThey offer a daily reward paid in btc on their debit cards. Cannot remember the exact amount though.\n\n**Edit:** Following from their site: \n\n*For every cent spent on the card we reward you with 1000 Satoshi daily. Keep an eye on the exchange rates and count the benefits!*': 2}, ('Obligatory posting: 470! To the moon!!!', 24): {"The market doesn't care what is good for Bitcoin. When people buy a 10x bubble peak they aren't thinking about what's good for Bitcoin. The people who buy into a deep dip crash maybe are. Risk takers get rewarded, people who buy into proven success not so much.": 1, '[deleted]': -1, 'Just saw it, looks awesome': 4, '[removed]': 3, '[Jesus H Nakamoto](https://i.imgur.com/PiicLvd.png)': 12, 'This is good for bitcoin.': 9, '> Localbitcoin has been hacked.\n\ncitation needed': 6, 'Jesus.....on big volume to.\n\nTo tha moon Alice!': 3, 'Thanks, you had to say something at 470.': 1, 'Looks fake. Oh well, you tried.': 4, 'I think there is some truth to the idea that slow and steady deflation causes the velocity of money to decrease as people stop using it for liquidity purposes and instead horde. The benefits to the hype cycles is that you get the massive deflation that rewards investors which is vital to the long term success of the currency, but then the money is also redistributed to a wider user base under a very strong inflation that promotes spending and the focus on the liquidity advantages of the financial asset. With each bubble, early investors cash out and spread their holdings to new participants, so each bubble effectively represents a heart beat in which new vitality is being pumped into the ecosystem. The new highs in price generates interest, excitement, investment, innovation, and period of exploration that coincides with a depreciation in the price as the investors/innovators of the previous cycle are rewarded and the newcomers are forced to prove themselves worthy of the next cycle .  \n\nIn short, the hype cycle allows for both the necessary amounts of deflation and inflation to make this kind of free market monetary system grow organically. If we only had deflation everyone would just horde, innovation would cease, and the very promises that was making the currency appreciate would fail to materialize. \n\nIn many ways, this is precisely the problem with the US stock market right now. It is guaranteed to go up with little downside risk, and while the economy on paper seems to be growing due to this effect, the coinciding real economy is shriveling. Everyone is using cheap borrowed money to pump up stock prices without sufficient real underlying growth. At some point it will be realized that it can\'t go up forever without something more real to justify this movement and it will crash. The same would happen to a Bitcoin which had a constantly appreciating price without any downside risks. No one would innovate, they would just invest in the currency. Basically, the biggest movements in innovation we have seen around Bitcoin seem to have occurred after the price collapse, after the point where people realized we couldn\'t just magically hope the price would go up in some kind of ponzi-like fashion without further innovation. \n\nYet it is also true that investment needs to be rewarded quite seriously for the system to grow. So while the overall trend must be dramatically deflationary as a currency grows, the increase in price should occur dramatically in intervals rather than smoothly overtime. We call these intervals "bubbles" implying that they are unnatural, but in the case of cryptocurrencies they are likely just the opposite.  ': 6, 'Talk to me at 1000': 12, "You make some really good points. \n\nAs much as I'd love to see one as a Bitcoin holder, I'm not sure we're going to see another huge bubble in Bitcoin price like the past though. Previous bubbles were influenced by exchange manipulations from a single dominating exchange (MtGox), and there weren't any good ways for more savy traders to short Bitcoin. I think Bitcoin has matured quite a bit since the last major bubble, and I would be surprised to see another super bubble. Here's to hoping I'm wrong though :)": 1, "I think Bitcoin would be better off in the long run by being slow and steady with the gains. 10%-15% a year for a few years will give people much more confidence in the longer term value of Bitcoin than suddenly skyrocketing to 1000 only to crash back to 500. I'd rather have a 500 that looked stable than a 500 that people are afraid might go to 250": 7, "LBC wasn't hacked. Someone claimed to have hacked LBC. \n\nBig difference. You'd think people wouldn't be so gullible, but alas...": 6, 'Nope, bitfinex too...\n\n> https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/4g9owm/bitfinex_bitstamp_just_have_2500_btc_buys/': 1, "Stability over time at these low price levels is not good IMO. People will start using it exclusively as an investment vehicle to do things like cover loans. You don't want that, because that means dumping.\n\nVolatility is very good in the early days, and it still is early - it shakes off the risk averse accordingly and prevents them from duping themselves.\n\nYou don't get to $1m coin without Volatility all the way up the ladder.": 1, 'why do people like u always say some shit? let others be happy , he doesnt affect ur life idiot.': 1, 'I hate when the price goes up like this. It freaks me out. I just want it to slowly creep up over a long time. ': 1, 'yeah. wtf, "obligatory" . no, it\'s really not': 6, 'Guys, please calm down. We have seen nothing yet.': 11, 'I used to think like this. Then blocksize posts happened.': 3, 'Ahhhhhhhh that makes sense. Time will tell. \n\nThanks for the info. ': 0, 'Go get R3KT already Mike Hearn.\n\nWe are back.': 15, "C'mon, dont be a spoilsport :)": 2, 'That peak only lasted about a minute if that - and only on Bitstamp?': 1, 'ye but rollercoaster is moar fun. also, big swings makes better headlines': 7, 'Half way to the ATH. ': 1}, ('Bitcoin mentioned in /r/financialindependence sub and immediately gets downvoted. We need to educate more people.', 0): {'You want to force people into bitcoin North Korea style? \n\nLets just take children from their families at age 1 and bitcoin the hell out of them! \n\nAnd if they ever buy ETH.... well, we will kill 3 of their generations so we destroy the traitor gene!! ': 1, 'You do not "educate" people, they have to be inspired to learn and understand\n': 5, "Honestly, I didn't find the comments or voting to be *that* cringe-worthy. Skepticism sure, but that's understandable when expressed in a cogent manner.": 2, "Most people won't listen and would rather come to their own conclusions. For many people I'm sure they'll never fully come around, and it will instead be the younger generations that will have enough of an open mind to see the promise here. I'm not very phased by scepticism anymore, and I let those people keep believing what they want. Your time is much better spent talking with people who are willing to at least learn a bit before passing judgement.": 3, 'I made my comment on the thread: "Bitcoin is the future. Bitcoin = the internet (borderless, permissionless, decentralized, open-source, bottom-up innovation, immutable, public and for the people, ETC.) and private/permissioned blockchain(S) = the intranet equivalent (closed off, permissioned, centralized, corruptible, top-down innovation). Both will exist - don\'t get me wrong ;)"': -1, "Can't wait to spit on idiots Like that": 0, "If they don't understand it is beacuse the don't want to, they ahve opprotunities to read and think for themselves.  trying to sell btc on people makes it seem scammy": 0, "Screw 'em.  It's been 7 years, so if they still refuse to listen, it's their loss.\n\nThose who are interested will learn.  For the rest ... they had their chance.": 1, 'Congrats on making bitcoin look like a pyramid scheme.': 1}, ('Game of Thrones and the Blockchain', 0): {}, ('Bitcoin Uncensored - The Final Show live now!!!', 13): {'Last livestream or podcast?': 2, "Dey get pimp smak'd?": 1, "i love these guys, they're hilarious! Also like their laid back yet ultra smart approach to podod. I liked the adam back and eugene fama episode.": 0, 'They got something i am sure hhahahaha ': 3, "There will be an after party in [RoyalTiffany's](https://xotika.tv/#/channel17/RoyalTiffany/) channel after the broadcast.  Tickets for her [Her Raffle](https://redd.it/4ej1lt) are still available so pick some up while you are there.": 2, '[Bitcoin Uncensored](https://xotika.tv/#/channel766/BitcoinUncensored/) is broadcasting The Final Show right now on Xotika.TV.  Come and watch them do the show live.  This may be you last chance to catch them ever!': 3, 'Live stream!': 3}, ('3000 CNY is the resistance level for Bitcoin, we are almost at the break out point.', 8): {"Well, coming from someone who rode out the litecoin halvening 'bubble', that peaked and popped all about a month or two before the actual event, I don't know if that's likely. I would expect bitcoin to play out a little differently, but wouldn't be surprised if a similar scenario took place.": 1, 'BC pride: Howdy their, what kind of intelligence have you gathered in SE Asia ?': 1, '8s are better. 8888! :)\n\nBut whatever happens, we need to skip quickly from 3999 to 5000! ': 1, "I like your thinking, I live in Vancouver B.C and the Chinese are buying all our houses right now, they have put every house on b.c realtor websites to a Chinese website and they are getting into bidding wars over places they haven't even seen just to get their money out of their country. I think they will soon re direct their money into Bitcoin causing it to moon.\n\n\n2.5 million dollar crack shack house that China person has bought in Vancouver in a bidding war.......\n\nhttps://www.google.ca/search?q=million+dollar+shack+vancouver&client=safari&hl=en-ca&prmd=nimv&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwiqraDKxKjMAhWis4MKHcMzCNEQ_AUICCgC&biw=1024&bih=672#imgrc=4tgg7n6_X-niYM%3A\n\n": 2, 'Its over 9000!': 1, "That could be the Chinese Lucky 3 effect - when it gets to 3000 it'll go ballistic as they all jump on for the lucky ride to hit 3330.": 3, "And it won't be if the Saudis continue to sell off US treasuries. ": 1, 'Euro I hope...': 1, 'Isnt the USD worth more now? edit nope not yet': 1, "Not sure. I think the market is too bullish for any kind of a serious correction or reversal until well after the halvening. Might be a couple interesting months coming up. Dunno. We'll see. ": 2, "Seems to be rising a bit quickly now. I was figuring that we'd have a bit slower ramp up to the halvening. But meh... what do I know? Also, MOON!": 2, 'Could make for an interesting week. ': 2, "Good point. We'll see. \n\nI'm still hoping for at least a bit more closing on towards the moon though. (c:=": 1, 'Me need mewn me need new car': 0, "Fellow BC'er here. And have spent many years living in SE Asia.": 1}, ('DAE miss Bitcoin ATH spam?', 0): {}, ('In case you missed us getting added to the Unabridged Dictionary', 27): {"Yeah there was a big argument when it was posted earlier this week some people didn't like that it said ' peer to peer' as that hasn't been the case for bitcoin for years; but it says that it was created for use in P2P txs not that is *is* P2P txs only.\n\n\nAnyway another great step like the UNicode, already added it to my history section": 1, 'Would have been better to say something like:\n"As competition to get coins increases, the network difficulty goes up making it harder and harder to get the new coins." ': 1, 'lol.  They make no difference between bitcoin and Bitcoin.': 2, 'Us? You mean bitcoin?': 2, "technically that's correct, but in the context of a non-technical casual observer, this explanation you provide in the quotes makes sense for an off the cuff answer.": 1, '"As more coins are created the problems get tougher"\n\nThis is inaccurate. Difficulty and coin issuance are independant of each other. ': 1, 'So then this is a casual dictionary? ': 1}, ('Installing OpenBazaar on Raspberry Pi 3 (Raspbian "Jessie") Is A Pain - and does not work', 0): {"Thanks. I thought it is not beta anymore because of version number >1.0 and the big new when it was released - but I was probably misunderstood.\n\n(probably I could figure out if I spent much more time - but I don't have this time right now)": 1, "If you can't figure out how to install it you shouldn't be using it right now. They want users who can test and file solid bug reports.\n\nWait a few months when they start to focus on usability.": 1}, ('Beginning now, considering investing a good percentage of my savings on BTC', 37): {'[deleted]': 2, 'I use bitwage, they give you a bank account number which I added to my payroll. When I get a paycheck 10% of it goes to bitwage, they then buy BTC with it at the market rate. Also, I store the BTC on a Trezor hardware wallet and transfer out small amounts to Mycelium on my android phone so that I can spend little amounts online without the Trezor.': 1, 'Listen to everyone here, do NOT try to trade bitcoin for a profit. Period. Especially if you have no trading background. And even if you did, bitcoin is a different horse than any other market. Just buy and hold. ': 6, "it's not a great idea to keep a large portion of your savings in bitcoin.  It is a volatile and risky asset.  It's difficult to see how this investment is the best path to your savings goals.\n\nIt is difficult to safely hold bitcoins - pick the wrong company and it could fail.  Store your bitcoins wrong and they could be stolen or become permanently inaccessible.\n\nTo make a moderate investment in bitcoins I would try to spread the risk between as many wallet technology baskets as possible.": 0, 'You mean start small, to short is to bet that bitcoin will decrease in value. A few hundred is a good way to start.': 1, 'Buy yesterday': 1, "I hold Bitcoin directly but there are a lot lot new people that will become interested soon which is why I can't wait until the COIN ETF arrives (which I think will be this year). This will make it easier for a lot of people": 2, '[removed]': 0, 'Agree with above comment': 1, "That's more for quantitative betting than investing. You can't know your win rate or your odd because you have no quantitative information to base it on. Good luck using that. ": 2, 'long term, set aside 10% of your yearly salary.\n\nDo this for 20+ years, and you will be set for life.': 2, 'Coinbase or Circle.  I would not put more than 5% of your total investment portfolio into it.  Bitcoin is awesome but still young and risky.': 5, 'In my opinion, it has the best risk-to-reward ratio that exists today.': 3, "Don't trust anyone to hold your bitcoins unless you have specific reasons, you should always be able to control your bitcoins. A multisig wallet is highly recommended. I like Copay or Electrum and also the bitcoin hardware wallet are reliable too.\n\nFind a platform to acquire bitcoins which is offering a good privacy (juridictions like Switzerland and Luxembourg have a strong privacy law) , good support and fast service.": 1, "Welcome! First bit of advice: Ignore the trolls and shills. This subreddit is full of them, and you will no doubt witness that for yourself in this very thread. Keep in mind that there are plenty of traders in here trying to advance their short positions by spouting negative nonsense. I've been holding for over 4 years now, it becomes part and parcel. ": 3, "If you are selling bitcoin back to fiat there will be tax obligations, but I was referring to getting more accustomed to how to send it between different addresses and understanding how to control your money. You'll probably want to get a mobile wallet. A lot of people use purse.io when they want to spend bitcoin. I would look at spending bitcoin on goods you are going to buy rather than trading back to fiat. Further develops the ecosystem and is more efficient for you yourself. A lot of people trade bitcoin back to fiat and then spend the fiat. No need to do that when you can just spend bitcoin. It will price it whatever your local currency is regardless. ": 2, 'Not really. Because the Bitcoin price is 98% based on speculation and not real world usage. Most coins are already mined. Imho the smaller supply increase rate after the halving is not significant in context.': -1, 'Based on economics principles the market moves when the change is announced, not when the change takes effect.\n\nThe halving of this year was announced when Bitcoin was released some years ago.\n\nBut that is just classic economics, Bitcoin might be something else.': 2, "I'm 100% in also, I'm 26 so it's the age to be to expose yourself to risk! :D ": 2, ">I've been hearing that it's expected that Bitcoin is going to dramatically rise in value in the next years, so I'm seriously considering investing a good part of my savings on it.\n\nIt is not guaranteed that Bitcoin will go up in price. Please buy only what you can afford to lose. ": 2, "Oh wow, awesome. I didn't think it was that easy Thanks man!": 1, "I'm currently in 50%": 4, 'You are smart to invest in Bitcoin.  I hold well over 90% of my savings in Bitcoin.  My advice is to really learn about security of your coins.\n\nYou may think since you want to buy and sell easily then its good to leave the coins on an exchange, well this is a very bad idea.  You really do not want to hold coins on an exchange and trust a third party to hold your coins. Many people made this mistake and lost tons of money on MtGox and other places. Bottom line if you do not hold the coins yourself then you do not actually own any coins, you only own a promise on part of exchange to pay you back.\n\nIf you are serious about investing a good percentage of your savings in Bitcoin then I really cannot recommend it unless you get a hardware wallet like [Trezor](https://www.buytrezor.com/), or at least the cheaper [Ledger wallet](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/).  Or you have to learn how to do cold storage by yourself, and not knowing your technical capability, it is not a route I would feel comfortable suggesting to noobs.\n\nYou can use hardware wallets like those I mentioned to secure and backup your Bitcoins and keep them safe from loss, and theft by hackers or others.  If you are considering investing significant amounts of Bitcoin then its foolish not to have a hardware wallet or cold storage setup.': 3, 'In my opinion, specific chunks of land.': 2, 'How do they handle for new addresses and thing like that. Are the buy rates pretty decent?': 1, 'oh also I forgot, on bitwage site/app you specify your destination bitcoin address. bitwage uses 2 factor authentication and other methods so I am pretty confident that the destination bitcoin address could not be changed without my approval.': 1, "You will hear a lot of opinions as you wade into the deep, semi-uncharted waters of bitcoin. Ultimately, you will need to decide for yourself what to do with your money, hopefully after having done your due diligence of research. A few take aways:\n\n* If you don't control the private keys, you don't control your bitcoin\n* Always use two-factor authentication\n* Focus on the fundamentals, ignore the FUD\n\nWelcome to bitcoin /u/changetip": 4, "Yes this is correct, it causes speculation hype and buying. It's happened every other halving, so I see no reason why this one would be any different. It's also happened for the halving of every other altcoin too.": 2, "Set up an account with coinbase, circle, or Gemini (if it's available in your state). Being a noob I would recommend doing a lot more research before you invest a large amount. Buy a little first and get accustomed to how it works. If you are set on buying a large portion definitely make sure to read up on private key security. Unless you are trading regularly on exchanges or spending the bitcoin you will want to keep majority of your holdings offline.": 7, "I'm 100% in": 3, "> There are currently multiple coins in circulation that may fully replace Bitcoin eventually.\n\nDogecoin? no. Litecoin? probably not. Ethereum? Based on your username, you wish!\n\n> There is also speculation that Bitcoin may run into more governance issues this summer and legislation (also this summer) may also interfere with your investment goals.\n\nWhat specifically are you referring to? Estonia? CA, US, GB, and JP all seem to be moving in the right direction. Even the great wall is remarkably laissez faire.\n\n> Personally I would stay away from Bitcoin. Other crypto-projects have more potential and a better risk/reward profile.\n\nI would not. No they don't.\n ": 1, 'I would buy on Coinbase or Circle, then get a hardware wallet like Trezor or Ledger and learn as much as you can about backing up and keeping your coins safe. I hold about 20% of my savings in Bitcoin.': 1, 'The stock GBTC is a very easy way to get exposure to bitcoin. My gut tells me its overvalued right now as the price has been skyrocketing as of the past week or two, but if you want to invest with a retirement fund or a roth IRA (to legally avoid having to pay capital gains taxes on the massive gains that I am expecting) then this may be an option you want to consider.': 1, "I started when coins were $200 for the first time. I bought at $1200 and all the way down. Haven't looked back. I am of the belief 5 years from now $1200 is going to be cheap.": 2, "A great investment is to educate yourself about bitcoin, and understand what you are investing in, and don't put all your bitcoin-eggs in one basket. Here is my 5 Satoshis:\nhttp://startusingbitcoin.com/blog/2-how-to-store-your-bitcoins/": 1, 'Welcome. I think Bitcoin is a fantastically asymmetric bet, and for a noob, Coinbase is a good way to buy.\n\nThat said, I would strongly recomment NOT being a noob  before you invest a "good part" of your savings. Buy some, play around, really dive into it and increase your experience & understanding before making a non-trivial financial committment.\n\n': 3, "Thanks for the tips! Any names you'd recommend that I keep an eye on?": 1, 'Kilouco just a heads up if you think bitcoin is a risky bet, this guy is talking about other coins that are 10x riskier. You are talking about the potential of losing or gaining much more. However nobody knows. From his user name he is most likely talking about ether which is interesting imo but also vastly overpriced imo. ': 2, 'I thought attempting bitwage at my job. is it hard what exactly needs to happen?': 1, 'Bitcoin is different from fiat and takes some time to get used to.\n\nI would buy small amounts at first and play around with it until you are comfortable sending, recieving, storing (in various methods) and being able to retrieve your stored BTC. Once you are comfortable using it just buy however much you think makes sense for your situation. Historically it has been better for most people to buy a small amount every day/week/month rather than buying all in one lump sum.': 1, '/u/kilouco, cyber_numismatist wants to send you a tip for 1 Welcome (435 bits/$0.20). Follow me to **[collect it](https://www.changetip.com/collect/945893)**.\n\n--\n\n[^^what ^^is ^^ChangeTip?](https://www.reddit.com/r/changetip/wiki/tipping-on-reddit)': 1, 'When the halving hit im not selling my btc no less than 800 per coin.': 3, "You might want to check out our report [How to position for the rally in Bitcoin](https://adamantresearch.docsend.com/view/xqbtwuy)\t (It's opt-in, but if you don't want future updates, feel free to put in test@test.com or something of those likes.)\n\nI'm working on an update for the report, there will be no major changes though. ": 1, 'Same, I only convert to AUD on an as-needed basis, when bills are due.': 2, 'Where did you hear that a rise is expected? Why would you believe that?\n\nFirst, introduce yourself to Bitcoin and then make your own opinion about what the price of a bitcoin should be. Reddit is a good place to start.': -1, 'its easy, you just provide your KYC info for bitwage and they give you bank account and routing numbers. you use these numbers to set up a direct deposit on your paycheck, just like if you had a second account and some of your money went to a savings account. for my company we have a web portal where I can change my direct deposit info. If you do not have this then your HR department should be able to help, just tell them you have a savings account and give them the routing and account numbers.': 2, 'The actual percentage should vary based on your age and financial situation.\n\nBut somewhere less than 100% (and more than 0%) would be prudent.\n\n': 1, 'coinbase': 1, "And who do you think is whispering that it's going to rise dramatically? Could it be a bunch of guys with Bitcoin to sell you? \n\nDo your own reading and then decide. ": 0, "Welcome!\n\n> being able to buy and sell bitcoins easily based on it's index\n\nIt's very hard to make money trading. Better to buy & hodl.": 14, 'Also FYI hodl is bitcoinspeak for hold.': 12, "Just buy and hold. Only invest a small portion of your savings or whatever you can afford to lose. \n\nIf you only have a small amount of savings anyway (i.e. it's not going to be enough to retire with) then you might as well invest more.": 1, "If you have no idea how to trade, do yourself a favor and invest small like 2-5% of your savings. You might feel bummed out over not investing more way down the line, but that's nothing compared to the feelings you'll experience if you're dead wrong about this.\n\nIf you really want to invest more, then learn how to trade. Bitcoin is actually one of the easiest markets to trade. ": 1, "I wouldn't consider I would just buy": 4, 'That assumes that it is entirely an investment vehicle.  \n\nThere are still daily supply and demand forces to consider as it is used for payments.': 1, "I've seen the mining productivity will be halved this year... wouldn't that mean, based on Economics principles, a rise in price?": 5, '> Focus on the fundamentals\n\nthis one is a good advice in relation to bitcoin...': 1, "Thank you all for the tips.\n\nI have studied a lot about bitcoin on the technical field (I'm a programmer myself). But I fail to understand perfectly the economics behind it. Also, I know that practice is never like theory, so I might as well start short, investing tiny amounts like a few hundred dollars to start.": 1, 'No. Ignore that poster. Buy bitcoin.': 2, 'i heard that same thing in 2012, again with 2013. \ninflation alone is gonna kill you in 10 years. \n\n': 2, "Bitcoin isn't a get rich quick scheme. Sure some look at it that way but I suggest you do your due diligence,  research everything there is to know and understand why bitcoin is superior to government fiat. Only then would I suggest you start buying some. Learn how to use them store them and spread the knowledge to others in way that Inspires others you know to want to own some besides them thinking they will become rich. I've done literally thousands of hours of research myself and some things on bitcoin still confuse me. Mostly the technical stuff. It's a fascinating technology. Welcome aboard and good luck in your endeavors with bitcoin.": 5, 'Is it easy to play around with aggressive exchanges using coinbase? Are not the taxes prohibitive?': 1, "Start with a little at first first, maybe $10 worth.  Play around with it.  Send it to a phone wallet.  Make a .01 BTC donation to United Way.  Experience the power of it.  Then, don't invest more than you are willing to lose.  Any significant amount (more than say about 5 BTC) should be stored on a Trezor.": 5, 'Gemini and Circle.': 4}, ('10 Reasons Why Bitcoin is Still the King of Crypto', 0): {}}, '04-25-2016': {("Anywhere I can buy bitcoin today? Coinbase isn't working for me right now", 1): {'What city are we located in': 1, 'Circle or localbitcoins or gemini. ': 1, 'Ended up using circle thank you. Being able to buy bit coin was in the settings so I was a bit confused with it at first though': 1, '[Bity.com](https://bity.com) is the swiss gateway to cryptocurrencies.  Fast & easy, \nyou can order your first bitcoins (up to 250 CHF/\xe2\x82\xac/USD) by verifying your mobile and your email address only.': 2, 'Circle': 1, '* [Circle.com](https://www.circle.com/en) for credit, debit, bank transfer\n* [ChangeTip.com](https://www.changetip.com/) small amounts w/ credit/debit\n* [LibertyX](https://libertyx.com/) for cash\n* [LocalBitcoins.com](https://localbitcoins.com/) best option for anonymity\n* [Any Bitcoin ATM](http://coinatmradar.com/) for cash\n': 1, 'Try localbitcoins ': 1}, ('Industry Report: Kraken, Others Receive Large Investments', 0): {}, ('UPDATE: Unhappy Cryptosteel Crowdfunder Here...', 5): {'I am really happy that our product give you joy and satisfaction. And we cross our steelfingers that you will never be in need to recover from **"the master of all backups"**': 3, 'Glad to hear they are still coming in day by day! Though I do hope they possibly work out something so they clear customs faster for future customers.': 2, 'Still waiting for mine down under.': 1}, ('bitstamp limitting single buys to $178', 9): {'thanks for the info but my problem is not how to place larger orders. It is more of a concern if something nasty is going on.\n\nBitstamp has been quite reliable and i do trust them but we never know.': 1, 'no BTC left': 5, 'If there is low liquidity they limit insta buys. If you want to market-buy anyway, put in a limit order.': 4, 'Plenty is relative term. ': 2, 'You have to construct additional pylons. ': 3, 'As is "great", "scarcity", "rarity", and "moon".  ;)\n\nJust saying there\'s a lot more than $178 for sale.': 3, 'Great! scarcity + rarity = **moon!** ': 3, 'You have to increase your limit.': 2, 'You must have enough lamborghinis in your lamborghini account': 1, 'looks like the big boys are buying up BTC and moving them out. gettting ready for the BTC halving comming soon. \n\n': 6, "There's plenty for sale on bitstamp. For $1M worth you'd have to bid up to 495.": 3, 'https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ElkcXqV3w1Y': 2, 'https://www.bitstamp.net/article/new-trading-feature-added/': 1}, ('Bitstamp on Twitter: "It\'s official: Bitstamp got stamp of approval! https://t.co/NHKpBLxaa3 #license #bitcoin #fintech https://t.co/5Vh3dPOQ7i"', 122): {'yes.': 2, 'Groovy! I have been doing some reading on it since my comment. This move looks to add to the legitimacy of BTC as a whole. There are also a few dissenting opinions that hold to the idea the deregulated currency should remain unregulated as well. My newly formed opinion is this is a great step forward to include more "old school" investors to the market and we may see a trend upward if this kind of acceptance continues. However, I\'m still pretty ignorant.   ': 2, "Their volume is abysmal, it doesn't even show up in the volume pie at bitcoincharts.com - its dominated by the chinese exchanges, BTC-e, and Bitfinex.\n\nTheir licensing really won't help improve their dwindling order book any.\n": 1, 'For those wondering, Bitstamp is to be regulated as a financial institution by Luxembourg. ': 5, 'Powerball Savings & Investment Bonds': 2, "One of the problem of the exchanges is the unique bank account.\nThe exchanges expenses and revenues are on the same account of customers' funds.\n\nThis is normally due to the difficulties exchanges have in opening more than one account. With this important step I hope to be possible for Bitstamp as well as others to keep customers' funds separated from the operative account of the exchange.\n\nBitstamp was in this condition. I hope today is not.": 1, 'Please excuse my ignorance, but is this added regulation generally considered a good thing?': 1, 'thank you for this reply I had no idea this was the case. I have a Bitstamp account and now knowing this information makes me nervous. Hopefully they can start operating more professionally now.': 1, "A true seal of quality if I ever saw one. What's next, certification by Guernsey?": 2}, ('Evolve or Become Extinct: SWIFT looks at Blockchain', 1): {'Swift looks at blockchain....': 1}, ('How Travellers Can Benefit From Blockchain', 1): {'How travellers can benefit from............': 1}, ('Bitcoin Start-up Thoughts', 2): {"Internationalizing your business is a good first step but ultimately if the known benefactors only include yourself and you're acting as judge, jury, and executioner in corporate affairs, you're going to have a hard time escaping the realities of your physical jurisdiction.": 1, 'This is where I lack knowledge unfortunately. Would be great to get feedback from someone in the Bitcoin space who has done something like this.  \n  \nThere I was, thinking I could register a business in Panama and simply avoid traffic from the U.S.  \n  \n': 1, "Thanks for your comment. Not deja vu, just some foresight on my part.  \n  \nYou've made some good points. Maybe going down the anonymous right could cause issues at a later point. I believe you're essentially saying - don't hide, but register in a country with relaxed Money-Transmitting laws, and follow/keep up to date with any policies as best as I can.\n  \n\n  \n": 1, "is this deja vu?\n\nThe rules on money transmission likely deal with the state or country where your business entity is registered.   \nI am not a laywer but imo if you choose to go the anonymous route and get caught/exposed, they may assert that you were seeking anonymity for the purposes of tax evasion which is definitely NOT the case here...you're simply trying to avoid any unforseen liability requirement to register as a Licensed money transmitter.\n\nFrom my past research you're probably alright as you're not an administrator of the monetary instrument nor are you making the majority of your business income through charging fees for Bitcoin being sold on your platform...By those conditions according to FinCen you *should* be safe.  \n\nThe bottom line is to work hard to keep your business above board and anonymizing this early on is only going to put you into more harm should you be discovered later.": 1, 'I think it depends on where you live.': 1, "Where I live probably doesn't matter much if I'm not mistaken. I think the important part is where the company is registered/based?": 1, 'Well it a great service and for sure you should create it, well it not a legal way so far but it will work and probably will not have any problems in near feature. ': 1}, ('Announcing SOFORT Payments & Volume Discounts', 1): {}, ('Recommendations for exchanges for JPY -> BTC -> USD', 7): {'QUOINE and ANXPRO deals in BTC/JPY pair  \nhttp://btcmarginprofit.com/pair/btc/jpy': 1, "> Why can you not get a bank account here? I have a bank account in Tokyo...\n\nI have a working holiday visa and no permanent address. Getting bank account in foreign country is always a big hurdle, so I just live off my bitcoin.\n\nIf I could have a bank account I would not sell my bitcoin.\n\n> So you use bitfinex to do BTC -> USD correct\n\nCorrect. Bitfinex is useful if you don't need to withdraw your USD in a bank account. (else you'll have the KYC stuff as all exchanges)\n\n> What about the JPY -> BTC? \n\nBitflyer, Coincheck, Kraken, or in-person trading (LocalBitcoin). Exchanges demands from you lots of KYC/AML stuff, and making the wire transfer takes time. Other solution is that I am in Tokyo and willing to meet in person if you want to buy Bitcoin from me.": 2, 'Can you read Japanese?\n\nIf not, Bitflyer or Coincheck.\n\nIf so, https://bitbanktrade.jp/': 1, 'TRANSFERWISE': 1, 'Why can you not get a bank account here? I have a bank account in Tokyo...\n\nI am not sure of what you mean though. So you use bitfinex to do BTC -> USD correct? What about the JPT -> BTC? You said cash but not sure what you mean there.': 1, "if you don't care about the hassle, that you have bank accounts already setup in both country, then yes, use an exchange it is better and cheaper once set up. I hopefully will get a bank account soon so I will stop be bothered by bitcoin trades in person.\n\nI have no recommendation on the exchanges. I use kraken in europe since I have a bank account, it always worked great. I heard they had some customer support problem in japan though. Bitflyer is the biggest one in Japan of the three.\n\nAnd yes, no reason to use bitfinex, if you want to wire in US bank account.\nHowever, for BTC => USD you might need another exchange like Coinbase. Coinbase will also ask you AML/KYC. I'm not sure Kraken support USD. (I might be wrong)\n\nExpect the whole process to take 1 or 2 weeks. If there is no problem.": 1, 'I have no issues with KYC. I am fine giving exchanges my japan ID and such.\n\nI do need to deposit into a US bank account, so bitfinex may not be the right choice for me? \n\nI would rather do everything online rather than in person so I can monitor the exchange rates and try to get something semi favorable since I am in no rush. \n\nBetween bitflyer, coincheck and kraken are there any reasons/recommendations to choose one over the other?': 1, "I buy JPY (cash as I can't get a bank account as foreigner) and I am in Tokyo, I can do the first part if it is not ton of money.\n\nIf it is for diversification purpose (ie, you don't need your USD for buying stuff), once you have your BTC you can transform them into USD with bitfinex. Good side is that you won't need KYC/AML paperwork. Bad side is that you can't be 100% sure they, or a hacker, will not run away with your money by hacking them.": 2, 'Bitflyer  is the best service for your needs. ': 2}, ('Phased Blocks -- An approach to increasing the number of blocks mined without decreasing the interval', 13): {"If last digit in transaction amount is even put in Phase I if odd put in Phase II, then you don't need to mess with tagging.": 1, "> An approach to increasing the number of blocks mined without decreasing the interval\n\nWhy would we want to increase the number of blocks mined if we don't decrease the interval?\n\nThe only reason I can see for mining more blocks is to decrease the expected time taken to get a confirmation, but your proposal doesn't achieve that.\n\nAlso, why would you key on the output being spent and not the txid of the transaction being mined? If you use the txid to pick the 'phase' then I can spend outputs from both chains at the same time, removing an arbitrary and confusing restriction that is present in your scheme.\n\nEdit: also, wouldn't miners be free to choose in real time which of the two phases to mine on? Wouldn't they all be incentivized to mine of whichever one has the biggest total transaction fees available to claim? I don't see how you prevent the miners from all just working on whichever phase currently has the biggest reward.": 1, "No, this idea doesn't involve modifying the block size. For example, if you want 1 MB blocks, then you could mine 2 500 KB phases every 10 minutes.": 1, 'Ok, I see you are talking about hard fork. I think it is easier to completely remove blocksize limit with HF (set max to 32MB/block). Then miners will decide based on transaction fee which transactions will be included in next block and how many transactions goes into one block. It is easy for miners to detect spam transactions and calculate appropriate tx fee.': 1, "Well explained, I guess one can add as much phases as needed to squeeze more and more blocks, is that right? In that case even with the added complexity (now I'm thinking computers can deal fine with this kind of complexity introduced by graphs) seems to be the best solution in comparison with the others. Thanks for sharing!": 1, "> Rate of block header data is doubled (bad, but still only 1/2 of litecoin...) but overall bandwidth would not really change very much\n\nAren't you now allowing 1 MB every 5 minutes instead of every 10 minutes?\n\nPeople will fill blocks if it's cheap to do so.": 1, 'Seems similar as the idea behind tree-chains, no?': 3, 'Actually, nothing says the two phases must use the same hash algo. In fact, one of the phases could even be proof of stake.': 1, 'Furthermore one can split a blockchain into N independent shards. There is no need to move coins between shards as by construction they are all equivalent to each other.': 5, 'I have no problem in principle with reducing the block interval down from 10 minutes, but at some point you run into a problem. If you reduce the block interval to 1 second, for example, then whoever finds the next block has a massive head start on finding the subsequent block while the solved block propagates to the other miners.\n\nSo there is some lower boundary that it is not safe to go below. But this method allows you to cut that safe lower boundary (whatever it is) in half. As you pointed out, it does increase complexity, which is bad but maybe not very bad.': 2, ">So what if these two blocks were mined in parallel?\n\nYou can't mine two blocks in parallel because you mine: **previous block hash** + transactions + nounce.": 0, 'In this scheme, it is not necessary to mine the previous block hash.': 2, '>Right?\n\nRight.\n\n>doubling the bandwidth and storage requirements\n\nRate of block header data is doubled (bad, but still only 1/2 of litecoin...) but overall bandwidth would not really change very much.\n\n>outweighs any positive effect on solo miners\n\nI suppose the proposed gains are probably outweighed by the big increase in complexity :-(': 1, '>  just safely increasing the number of independent mining events.\n\nWhat do you think about GHOST?': 1, "Yep, sorry I missed the image earlier. Interesting idea, but I'm not sure what makes it more desirable than say 5min blocks or 2mb blocks, it seems more complex than those two though.": 0, 'From what little I have heard, tree-chains is more of a yearning than a specific implementable proposal.': 0, "> Mining more blocks improves decentralization\n\nI think the negative effect of doubling the bandwidth and storage requirements outweighs any positive effect on solo miners. I doubt anyone is solo mining any more.\n\n> both transactions could be mined on the two different phases\n\nGood point. I don't think that separating my unspent outputs into two disjoint groups which can't be spent together is a good idea.\n\n> The chain cannot progress until both phases get mined\n\nSo when the chain is like A1-B1-A2-B2-A3-B3,\nA3 refers back to A2 and B1, and\nB3 refers back to B2 and A2?\n\nso at that point miners can choose to work on A4 or B4, but if they find B4 first, they all have to switch to working on A4 (since B5 needs to refer to A4 which isn't yet known). Right?\n\n> it seems clear that the hashpower would not be equally distributed between the phases\n\nI think on average it would be. But at any given moment it wouldn't be. It would depend where the best tx fees were to be found. But as you say, if one phase gets left behind, everyone has to help it catch up, because neither phase is allowed to get too far behind.": 1, 'An important property preserved by my formulation is that all of the hashpower validates both shards. This is not primarily aimed at improving scalability, just safely increasing the number of independent mining events.\n\nTypically sharding aims at scalability and implies that miners do not validate all shards.\n\nAlso, I would argue that it is important to be able to move coins between shards, to prevent the development of an unbalanced fee market between shards.': 1, "I really like GHOST, but I'm not qualified to have much more opinion than that unfortunately. If I could read a bunch more pros and cons discussion about GHOST I could say more.": 0, 'Well you have really nice idea and approach on all system , this may become real. ': 2, '> it is not necessary to mine the previous block hash\n\nNot a blockchain then.': 2, ">The only reason I can see for mining more blocks is to decrease the expected time taken to get a confirmation, but your proposal doesn't achieve that.\n\nMining more blocks improves decentralization by reducing the advantage large pools have. Solo miners have to wait half as long before mining a block.\n\n>why would you key on the output being spent and not the txid of the transaction being mined\n\nIf you key off of the txid, an attacker could form two different transactions that spend the same output, and both transactions could be mined on the two different phases. This would cause a double spend to receive 1 confirmation. The double spend would then cause the chain to be invalid, so the miners would lose revenue, which could open up additional attack vectors against the miners.\n\n>I don't see how you prevent the miners from all just working on whichever phase currently has the biggest reward.\n\nThe chain cannot progress until both phases get mined, but it seems clear that the hashpower would concentrate on the more profitable phase first. Other effects make this more complex -- for example miners may not all receive the most profitable phase simultaneously, and which phase is the most profitable may change from moment to moment as transactions enter the mempool.\n\nIs this a problem? It looks pretty gnarly, but hard to say for sure it's a problem.": 1, 'Have a look at the [linked image](http://imgur.com/4apq2RC). The blocks are chained together, just not in the same pattern as the blockchain you are used to.': 3}, ('Bitcoin Price Report for April 25th', 0): {"Thanks! Let us know if you have any questions, we're always interested in helping anyone getting into the market. It was a fun weekend that's for sure. ": 1, 'Thanks for sharing, great report. ': 2}, ('Is Bitcoin still going strong?', 1): {'Yes.': 4, 'lol!': 1, 'There seems to be no longer be a reasonable fear that a contentious hard fork will succeed.  It is the fear over such an event that likely leads to market timidity.  No one is quite certain how the market would respond to such an event.  Accordingly (and ironically), the market therefore remains low.  The whole "markets hate uncertainty" thing.\n\nNow that a contentious hard fork seems unlikely, the market is reflecting a more confident sentiment.\n\nThe threat over a hard fork came in the name of increasing the maximum block size within Bitcoin (generally thought to be impossible without broad and simultaneous consensus within the ecosystem).  The block size is currently capped at 1MB.  For technical reasons, we can\'t safely increase it to more than about 4.  \n\nOne group wanted to implement a simple change that increase the block size to 8 MB, growing over 20+ years to 8 gigabytes.  After realizing that this was not safe, they dropped that push and fought for only 2 MB.  The move appeared mostly political at that point, as the current group of developers had already determined a method of effecting the same results with only a soft fork (far safer) that would also provide far more technical benefits.\n\nStill, because the matter is complicated, it was uncertain whether the market would understand the distinctions.  It is now becoming apparent that the market is not interested in the simple 2MB Hard fork.\n\nAs a side note, the purported purpose of increasing the block size is to increase the maximum number of possible transactions.  But another solution is in development called the Lightning Network that aims to provide transaction scaling at a far greater magnitude than any block size increase could ever.  Interestingly, the same soft fork solution ("SegWit") that allows for a roughly 2MB block also allows for the implementation of the Lightning Network.\n\nGiven these circumstances, it seems that the market is seeing blue skies for Bitcoin\'s future.\n\nAnother factor that is likely weighing in on the market is a reward halvening.  A block is found in Bitcoin roughly every 10 minutes.  And with each block that is "solved," a miner (or mining pool) is rewarded with Bitcoin.  The amount rewarded halves roughly every 4 years.  It started at 50/block.  It is presently at 25 per block.  In July, it is scheduled to drop to 12.5/block.  It is widely believed that miners mostly sell the rewards very quickly.  Accordingly, the halvening of the reward is expected by many to lessen the available supply of Bitcoins on the open market.  They expect lower supply will equate to higher price.  It seems likely that many are accumulating now in hopes of a price spike due to this event.': 2, 'Seems so': 1, "Ah okay, great. Thanks for the explanation.\n\nBitcoin is alive and kicking as it's ever been :)": 3, 'Ah okay cool, so Bitcoin made it past that?': 1, 'Thanks for this! It was concise and thorough :)': 1, "Yes, come along, it's all good. (Hope that helps)": 2, "See my reply to your post's sibling.\n\nhttps://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/4gdkyg/is_bitcoin_still_going_strong/d2gqjdd": 1, "All is gentlemen, keep on ho(ar)dl'ing.": 2, 'What caused these concerns to subside? Was there a fix involved?': 1, 'The last year has been filled with lots of uncertainty, due to threats to hard fork the blockchain.  That has pretty much subsided, and the future looks brighter than ever.': 2, 'Yes indeed, from any point of view.': 1, "It stronger than ever I'm sure. ": 1, "Asking the people who's get rich investment depends on people thinking it's a good thing to buy maybe isn't going to get you a very objective answer. ": 1}, ('To the moon: price of bitcoin fluctuates around $460', 0): {"Yes it's going up so fast. ": 1, 'Calm your tits. ': 1}, ("Newcomer with a question: i wanted to buy bitcoin so i installed bitcoin core and bought some coin from bittlylicious using an adress my wallet gave me. but the wallet says 'no block source available' and '7 years and 16 weeks behind'. haven't got the coins yet, how do i fix this?", 5): {'honesty is the best policy. It was a good laugh and is appreciated. ': 2, 'Don\'t turn off your computer, run bitcoin client and wait for about 2weeks for your node to fully synchronize about 70GB of blockchain data, then you will see your transaction in your bitcoin balance.\n\nYou can check your bitcoin balance here https://blockchain.info/address/1Ho6hAn1T6QGBXZz4sSA7Z1UgsX1NVQCun   (change Bitcoin address "1H0...Cun" with yours)': 1, 'Install electrum and everything will be fine. Or try with mycelium or multibit hd': 1, 'So you didn\'t import the private keys from core wallet. Again you didn\'t read about how to use the wallet.  \nYou import only the public key (btc address) not the private keys!  \nMan, if you don\'t read you will never be able to use bitcoins and worst... you will lost them.  \n"googling" is not the way you learn...  As I said read the fucking getting started: ------------------->': 3, "ok so i gave up using bitcoin core because it wont connect to anything. it won't even start downloading the block chain or sync up tp anything, it's got 0 connections. i don't undertand it so i downloaded electrum, and while i can see the bitcoins on it through a watching only wallet, i can't send them because, i'm assuming, i got the bitcoins sent to an adress made with bitcoin core. \n\nany idea how i can get the bitcoins out of the watching only elctrum wallet into a wallet i can spend them in?": 1, 'Install a wallet on your phone.  Why as newbie did you install Bitcoin Core?  There is lots of advice for newbies all over the net.  None of it would say to install the original Bitcoin client..': 5, "it should have. i got sucked in and fucked it up. i am fully aware of how bad i am with technology so i'm not sure why i even tried. i can't even properly format my own fucking phone so it works how i want it to.": 2, 'I imported them into the electrum wallet and it worked. thanks so much!!!! ': 1, "If it's any consolation, your question is one of the most common I've seen from new users. It reflects a major usability flaw. The process should be foolproof and isn't.\n\nThat said, this issue comes up so frequently there's even a wiki page dedicated to it.\n\nhttps://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Transferring_coins_from_Bitcoin-Qt_to_Electrum": 5, 'When you "import" to electrum you run the risk of exposing those prvate keys to the internet. This makes it easier for a thief to hack your computer and steal your coins.  It is better to "sweep" into electrum, which is like an import but immediately sends it to a new address.    \n\nFrom where you are at now and also from doing a sweep you should send the coins to a new address for its long term security via a new send transaction. \n\nAnd btw, bitcoins stored on a Core wallet attached to the Internet is not greatly secure for someone who is not really good at securing the computer in the first place. If your purpose is to learn or just a small spending amount then don\'t sweat it too much. If it\'s an investment, you need to consider other options.': 1, "I was just buying some modafinil, i figured out how to get the private key as someone said, got it on electrum and then sent it to the seller. it's done now, all is good in the hood, but i'll be sure to do a lot more reading before i use bitcoins again.": 1, 'You see what happen when you don\'t start reading the "getting started" section from the right pane? ---------------------->  \nNothing wrong with your bitcoins. You should download torrent of blockchain copy and then sync the rest. Or export the private keys from that core wallet and import them into Electrum wallet.  \nYou can check anytime the balance of your btc address on any block explorers. Are many out there.  \nRead Getting started ------------------->': 0, 'i am going to be straight up and just say i did minimal research and am now paying the price for being an idiot. ': 3, '#USE [LOCALBITCOINS](https://localbitcoins.com/register/?ch=5wo5 "Approved by Reddit").\n\nLocalBitcoins has been in business for YEARS and still going strong. Do not risk your money, be safe.': 1, 'I didn\'t say "import", I said "export". Which is true. ': 1, 'The core is fine to use, the bitcoin wallet is stored on your hard drive, rather than an online wallet.  Only issue is you have to wait a very long time for it to update.  Can take over a day.': 1, "Most of people (bitcoiners) read first about how wallets work, types and then use bitcoins.  \nIf you already imported the private keys into Electrum, you should be able to move them anywhere you want.  \nYou have no idea because you are lazy and don't want to read and teach yourself. There is plenty of documentation about wallets, just start reading.": 1, "i am using very small amounts. i'm not worried about security as i don't intend to be using bitcoin very often, just wanted to buy some discounted modafinil but i have found myself in a whole molehill of computer stuff i don't understand. thanks for all the advice though!": 1, "i already paid someone the bitcoins anyway so it's cool. but next time i will just get it sent to an address in the electrum wallet, thanks!": 1, "i imported the private keys, but it says the wallet is watch only and i can't spend money with it. so i need access to the bitcoin core wallet to move it around, as that is a normal wallet. \n\nthe problem i'm having now is that it says 'no block source available', 7 years 16 weeks behind, and it has 0 connections to the bitcoin network. this means it can't download the blockchain and work. \n\nany idea on how to get bitcoin core connected to the bitcoin network? I've been googling a lot, to no avail. ": 1, "For small amounts and some experimenting it is fine to use Bitcoin Core. For larger amounts use a smartphone, especially an iPhone is a lot safer than a PC.\n\nIf you're getting into any significant amounts, then consider a hardware wallet such as a Trezor.": -2, "I'm pretty sure downloading the torrent doesn't save much if any time anymore since the downloading process is more torrent like anyway. The rest of what was said is accurate. ": 2, "Don't worry about getting core to catch up with the network, it could take from about a day to a couple of weeks depending on how fast your computer is. You just need that private key. The process of exporting private keys is actually kind of involved: http://bitcoin.stackexchange.com/q/4203": 1, "Because pc's are more vulnerable to virusses and malware.": 1, "1 more question... is it possible to get the coins out of a watching only wallet?\n\nNow i know i have the bitcoins, how can i send them? they havent' arrived at bitcoin core yet because it won't connect to anything to get the block chain downloaded, and even if i did download the block chain torrent, i couldn't sync it so it would download the rest. so basically i'd have to do some weird computer shit with nodes or something i don't undertand at all. any way i can get the bitcoins out of the watch only electrum wallet?\n\nI literally have no idea what is going on. At all. Now i know how most people feel at the gym (meathead here)": 1, '"Watch only" means you only imported the *public* address, not the private key. You need to go into bitcoin core and export the private key for the address that received the coins, and import that into electrum. Then you can spend the coins. ': 5, 'Why is a pc less safe than iphone?': 2, 'Be careful, the keys you import into the electrum wallet are ~not~ backed up by the wallet seed (12 word code). To have them backed up by the seed, send them to an address generated in your electrum wallet. ': 2, 'Geez you guys, you talk like you know but you keep telling him to import. He needs to sweep not import!': 1, 'Thank you very much. I will try this now. Thanks. ': 3, 'Download the Airbitz App  (any Android phone, iPhone 5 or later).   It is way faster, easier, and secure (if you follow the directions to recover your wallet if you lose your phone).': 1, 'Long story short is your client needs to download the blockchain which is the public record of transactions on the Bitcoin network. Depending on the speed of your PC and Internet this can take some time.  This is normal for new installs. Let the client sync up and your transaction should show up, as long as the correct address was used by the sender. ': 2, "ok i just installed electrum, put the key i received the bitcoins in and it says i have the coins. it's all good!": 5, 'yeah I agree bitcoin has a magic ability to filter out technology impaired persons': 1}, ('USA peeps, where do you guys prefer to buy your bitcoins? What method?', 1): {'Libertyx': 1, 'Circle. Hands down.': 1, 'The Airbitz phone wallet allows you to buy btc through Glidera which connects directly to your US bank account like Paypal. (not available in all states :-(': 1, 'Does circle accept US users?': 1, 'Also, the Mycelium phone wallet has a built in, encrypted market place for buying directly from other people.  The bigger the city you live near, the more choices you will have.': 1, "Their whole system runs on Bitcoin. They're not getting away from the tech. They're trying to put it in the background so people don't know they're using it. Besides, I don't store there. I just use it to buy and sell.": 1, 'Yes': 1, 'Most people use Coinbase and Circle, but on Reddit everyone acts like they use localbitcoins and LibertyX exclusively ': 1, 'I checked out circle and it seems they are getting away from bitcoin and deal more as a money transfer site. ': 1, 'mycelium sounds like a good option': 1}, ('U.S. Wants Its Own Secure and Self-Destructing Messaging App based on blockchain tech', 35): {"Fascinating that an open peer-to-peer protocol would be the safest foundation for a military-grade communications system. I mean of course it would be, but it's quite encouraging to see DARPA recognize this.": 7, 'seems like you could create an admin-less system, no?': 1, 'The only truly secured systems are secured in the open, made secure by their very nature rather than how they are housed.': 1, "because it's easier?": 1, 'One bright morning in the middle of the night, two dead boys got up to fight.  \nBack to back they faced each other, drew they swords and shot each other.': 4, 'I think you are unable to think to even one level of recursion.': 0, "I think if a system relies on the fact that it is secret, it's just one more possible flaw.": 3, 'blockchain and self-destructing/one-time-viewable messages are almost mutually exclusive: "we want a system that records everything in a permanent shared ledger... with one-time messages that self-destruct"': 8, "No, actually using private tools is simply a gigantic blow horn alerting foreign governments that you are a spy. If only spies use the system, then all you have to do to find the spies is see who's using it. That's why they invented TOR and made it public. They needed the cover of non spies using it also": 2, 'I think there is a reason governments and intelligence agencies use private, non-public means of communication.....': 2, "Don't be Joshena round; Just because you don't understand something doesn't make it less valuable to those that do.": 2, "It's called Bitmessage and it's awesome.": 1, 'Yes. That is what they are...by definition.': 1, 'Blockchains are just another way to log and audit transactions. There is nothing in their nature that favors any particular group, only their use.': 1, 'One fine day with a woof and a purr\na baby was born and it caused a little stir\nno blue buzzard\nno three-eyed frog\njust a feline canine little CatDog.': 2, "It's not necessarily exclusive, provided you have at least one party you can trust to destroy their keys. If you aren't sure for n parties, increase n until it's big enough...": 1, 'everyone knows I\'m a troll. But, the point here is that the RFP demonstrates no knowledge of what blockchains do. \n\nIf I asked you if you wanted a flying car, you\'d say "yes". And when you were given this: http://a.espncdn.com/photo/2010/0814/terrafugia_flying_car_300.jpg you\'d realize it makes no sense to drive that.': 1, "well Vince Vaugn might think so from the headline, and even from reading the article. So tell us, what the truth is and how are we intended to know it?\n\n> published a call for companies to submit proposals to build a robust messaging platform that the military could use for secure communication of everything from intelligence to procurement contracts.\n\n...\n\n\n>The request for proposals, reported earlier by the U.K.\xe2\x80\x99s Daily Telegraph, also says that the messaging platform should incorporate a customized blockchain, \n\n\nWhy Chris, even the linked document says so\n\n>OBJECTIVE: ***Create a secure messaging and transaction platform*** that separates the message creation, from the transfer (transport) and reception of the message using a decentralized messaging backbone to allow anyone anywhere the ability to send a secure message or conduct other transactions across multiple channels traceable ***in a decentralized ledger***.\n\nemphasis mine.\n\n\nNow, tell I've seen many of your comments before, and I've disagreed with your opinions; but here I see you simply denying what I clearly see.\n\nI have no choice but to determine that you are a troll.": 2, 'Good point. So explain to me why this is better than using an encrypted database to pass messages?': 1, 'You could effect destruction with your key management. No keys, no message.': 1, 'No it doesnt': 0, "Oh? That's all they are?": 1, 'Why "of course it would be"? Surely a completely secret, completely closed system would be better. ': 1, 'the coder/admin of such a closed system can always turn snowden, or be blackmailed.': 4, 'Why would you want a blockchain for this as a government. Blockchains are for the underserved. There is no part of the government that falls into that category.': 0}, ('South African Reserve Bank Sees Potential For Real Bitcoin Growth', 32): {'It is a lot more than \xc2\xa35k a year...according to the Ice Cubed bitcoin exchange blog https://ice3x.co.za/exchange-control-south-africa/': 1, "Wasn't aware it was that strict in the country, ty for the info!": 1, 'That could explain why the arbitrage there is comparable or larger than China.': 1, 'This statement is a few years old so you could have been doing this already. ;) ': 1, 'Same for everywhere else in the world. Some companies have managed to get private insurance companies to insure the funds though.  \n': 1, 'Holy crap. A reasonable and informative statement! ': 3, 'Mainly just your average intro to Bitcoin such as what it is, what controls it and how the Bitcoins are distributed and about the blockchain. How to get a wallet and buy some. Some of the info was wrong IMO such as how they spoke about all nodes holding copies of the entire blockchain and how its decentralized. *cough*   Then they did an interview with the owner of Bitx exchange where he transferred R20 from his phone into the presenters through the Bitx wallet app. He ended saying "People should take note and consider buying a little bit of bitcoin just so you can say you are a part of this.." or something to that effect.   It was pretty decent. And positive over all. ': 6, "Too True!  Though some get prosecuted at least.  The SARB makes it sound like if Karpeles had run gox from here he would have got away scot free with no problems. \n\n* EDIT * Under this statement even MLM would be fine in SA and when you lose your money the gov won't do anything about it.  ": 1, 'One of the important parts is "there is no need to report foreign trade payments made in Bitcoin or digital currency, regardless of how large these amounts are."\n\nIn South Africa it\'s really difficult to move money out of the country, every international payment has to be reported and each person only has a small amount of discretionary allowance (which is undeclared money) that may leave the country. I think it\'s around \xc2\xa35k a year. Even so it\'s really difficult to do and I\'ve had to call my bank in order to get international payments done before.\n\nSo even for companies it\'s really difficult for any money to leave the country, it\'s stuck in South Africa - unless you exchange it for bitcoin and send it to an international exchange.\n\nSo it could see growth for that reason.': 2, "Interesting. .  The gov should still hold accountability for scams and fraud using Bitcoin though in my opinion even if they don't consider Bitcoin as anything..    For instance say I set up a company and sell people 'air' presale and then shut down it would be considered a scam and I would be prosecuted .. surely..  But the way the RB has made the above statement its almost like saying I could set up a company selling 'bitcoin' and just rob people and they wouldn't be responsible.  But I spose the reserve bank would just not be involved and the police/court system would deal with Bitcoin companies or individuals stealing funds.  Surely. ": 1, 'What was the Carte Blanch feature about?': 1, "Final paragraph in the Reserve Bank report:\n>Given the current landscape and information currently available, the Bank contends that virtual currencies pose no significant risk to financial stability, price stability or the National Payment System. However, end-users, whether individuals or businesses that accept virtual currencies and businesses involved in the virtual currency ecosystem, are cautioned that any activities performed or undertaken with virtual currencies are at their sole and independent risk. \n> In line with the Bank's position that regulation should follow innovation, the Bank continues monitoring developments in this regard and reserves the\nright to change its position should the landscape warrant regulatory intervention. ": 4, "Thanks, I was trying to find out information about it recently, my bank still doesn't make it that easy to do.": 1, 'Will this affect Bitcoin growth in the region, in your opinion?': 0, 'Right. And the court system will asign penalties in terms of the local fiat - which trades at a significant arbitrage value in South Africa, so the market value is highly subjective.': 1, "Can't prevent it, can't make it illegal, can't even monitor it. \n\nSo last step, acceptance: it's nobody's concern what two others use as money.": 1, 'The feature on Carte Blanch last night to half a million people probably did more than this statement by the reserve bank will do. ': 2, "That's why Japan wants to consider it as a currency actually I think. It could cause a boom.": 1, '"A mention regarding the VC landscape in South Africa is made as well, as the Reserve Bank says how they do not supervise or regulate these activities. Anyone is free to invest in Bitcoin and cryptocurrency, but there is no legal protection if a company or individual would steal someone\xe2\x80\x99s funds. "  \n\nRemind me to never trust a South African Bitcoin company with my monies. ': 1, "I wouldn't deem it impossible no :)": 1}, ('Picking Up the Pieces: Erik Voorhees Speaks on ShapeShift Hack', 10): {'If you knew how ShapeShift worked then you would not have posted that.\n\nBasically you do not have an account at ShapeShift, you specify which cryptographic currency you want to sell with and which cryptographic currency you want to buy and an address in that cryptographic currency. If they are able, they eather do the sell and buy or they return the unsold coins.': 2, '"Everything is A-OK." - Erik Karpeles': -1, '"Customer funds are totally safe." - Mark Voorhees': 0}, ('Sending bitcoin from lbc to circle.. automatically converts to usd?', 1): {"Go into settings at Circle. If Currency says Bitcoin, it's held in bitcoin. It's simply displaying your balance in USD.": 2, 'Your body  is a wonderland ': 1, 'Now I know why Bitstamp had the flash peak to $470. Someone changed a setting on Circle!': 1, "If I'm not mistaken, your BTC is still held there, it is simply shown as BTC / USD value.  You shouldn't lose any bitcoin and your USD value will track with the BTC rate.": 2, "Isn't that good? You converted something which is super volatile into something stable that you can hold without worrying that it will lose value? And now you can connect your bank account and withdraw USD for no fees and without worrying about the exchange rate, because you already have USD now.\n\nAlso they don't charge you anything to convert and there are no fees... and at any point, you can go into settings and switch your wallet denomination back to BTC, also for free? In fact, if your account had been denominated in BTC to begin with, you would have received it as BTC.\n\nNot sure why you'd be angry.": -1, "Isn't it a setting to show your balance in USD or BTC?": 2}, ('My first small business, offering 5% bitcoin discounts since day one, I sell Amiibo NFC emulators for the WiiU', 2): {}, ('Will XBT hit $500 by May 1st? Why or why not?', 0): {"I think $40 for one week it a lot so I don't believe that could happen. ": 1, 'You must be new to bitcoin \xf0\x9f\x98\x8e': 1}, ('DARPA Seeks Blockchain Messaging System for Battlefield Use', 1): {}, ('Carte Blanche is the No. 1 investigative news channel in South Africa', 6): {'Well great video, some good stuff is said there. ': 1, "http://carteblanche.dstv.com/bitcoin/\n\ntry that link, i think it's the same :)": 1, "Link isn't working.": 1}, ('DARPA wants someone to build the DoD a new secure Blockchain based messaging platform', 38): {'You have never tried Drop Zone then. :)': 1, 'Messages sent is not something you need distributed consensus about, there are plenty of great p2p messaging protocols out there. Bitmessage does not use a blockchain, it uses POW as an anti message spam mechanism, at least last time I checked.': 6, 'Seams like a pretty cool use case for a blockchain. ': 1, 'This. I think they are trying to wear their baseball cap backwards.  ': 1, 'Why???': 1, "putting comms on a blockchain strikes me as messy, despite ppl like bitmessage having done it already. i get that it would be nice for audit purposes, but it's less-than-ideal for other purposes, e.g. message key rotation or session keys.": 4, 'Hide in plain sight.': 1, 'It basically already exists for 3-4 years, Bitmessage.\n\nMight take some tweaking for the particular use case (troop mvoement messages, etc) but the protocol is sound and net hardened.': 12, 'And what will be improved compared to Bitmessage?': 1, ">The short version is that because the distributed digital ledger under the Blockchain confirms all transactions, in the event of problems with direct communications the Blockchain literally distributes the message, securely, across all its nodes, allowing even troops in difficult situations the ability to be able to communicate with the chain of command.\n\nOh this is so meta! Byzantine general's problem people!": 0, ">protocol is sound and net hardened.\n\nBitmessage is great, but is that really true? I'm not sure it really gets enough attention, research or testing be able to say that confidently; especially the level of security and privacy that it strives to attain. \n\nIt certainly has the potential, though.": 2, "Can we also build a blockchain for recording votes while we're at it?": 3, "It's like a global digital dead drop system.": 5, "Yeah. I mean in the beta hardened sense, like it doesn't flop over continuously like it first used to ... it definitely needs more polish, testing and a security audit to get to the grade thee guys might be expecting but the basics have been ironed out.": 1, 'Bitmessage does have a chain of the last 2 days of messages, which is how you can receive messages when you are offline, but obviously this is not equal to the bitcoin blockchain which goes back to the genesis block and which relies on each previous block to continue its consensus.': 2, 'Unfortunately, Blockchains are pretty bad at messaging.': 1}, ('Leading Japanese bitcoin exchange raises $27m- Nikkei Asian Review | Nikkei', 20): {'[**@barrysilbert**](https://twitter.com/barrysilbert/)\r\n\r\n> [2016-04-25 17:23 UTC](https://twitter.com/barrysilbert/status/724650109330427905)\r\n\r\n> Congrats to @DCGco portfolio company @bitFlyer on their huge fundraise and fantastic new investors! https://twitter.com/NAR/status/724644321790582785\r\n\r\n----\r\n\r\n^This ^message ^was ^created ^by ^a ^bot\r\n\r\n[^[Contact ^creator]](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=jasie3k&amp;subject=TweetsInCommentsBot)[^[Source ^code]](https://github.com/janpetryk/reddit-bot)\r\n': 2, 'Current JP government, despite many bad sides (and really bad), is pro-bitcoin.': 1, "Let's hope that this Japaneese beast will be decentralized.": 1, "Companies don't invest that much money in decentralized companies that dont have a plan to make a profit sadly. Im sure it will just be a well funded rivaling exchange in Japan.": 1, 'Huge vote of confidence in Bitcoin by Japan!': 2, 'H/T [@barrysilbert](https://twitter.com/barrysilbert/status/724650109330427905)': 1, 'WTF': 2, 'Since Japans central bank owns 90% of japanese public stocks. Can we say that the Japanese government just invested in a bitcoin exchange? I dont care im gonna say that.': 2, 'more bullish news.Does anyone still doubt the bull thats coming over the hill?': 2}, ('TBP Ep 55: The Cryptocurrency 2.0 Project with Joe Lubin of Consensys', 5): {"**Interview starts around 21 min if you aren't interested in our banter.**\n\nWe wrap up April by discussing the rise of bitcoin\xe2\x80\x99s price, an update on the pending halving event and we invite one of the Co-Founders of Ethereum, Joseph Lubin, to chat with us so you experience a vibrant and seamless view of ConsenSys and its deep understanding of the potential blockchain technologies can bring to the world. It\xe2\x80\x99s a good chat, and it\xe2\x80\x99s one that doesn\xe2\x80\x99t happen often. ConsenSys has emerged from stealth with a network of members worldwide, on a mission of creating decentralized applications (dApps) and various other tools for the emerging decentralized economy that leverages Ethereum and other Blockchain eco-systems. Also, we celebrate a full calendar year rockin\xe2\x80\x99 this podcast shit. Thanks for being there with us and we\xe2\x80\x99ll continue to produce another year (and maybe a year after that).": 1}, ('European Central Bank\'s Yves Mersch: "Distributed ledger technology \xe2\x80\x93 panacea or flash in the pan?"', 2): {'"What if PSP or even individuals could access the central bank digital currency on the ledger via their bank accounts?"\n...\n"Even more far-reaching, we could envision a third scenario of the central bank offering a DLT network that is open to all citizens. Citizens would have the choice to hold commercial bank deposits with banks or digital currency at the central bank. "': 1}, ('Joe Rogan Joins Impressive List of Celebrities Promoting Bitcoin', 0): {'Wow... "celebrities" are using Bitcoin. Only brainless people are following celebrities.  \nI use Bitcoin because I have a spine and a brain not because a "celebrity" is using it.': 1, "Silly article but it's bullish - have an upvote": 1, "There's something so obnoxious about uber famous and wealthy celebrities promoting bitcoin.  I suppose lots of sheeple wouldn't consider using bitcoin without the approval of the 1% :(": 1}, ('eBay and OpenBazaar Is Not A Happy Marriage', 6): {'Really?  \n\nTry mentioning that you sell your items on Shopify or through your Woocommerce store on Ebay and see what happens.. This has nothing to do with Open Bazaar. ': 2, 'Yep, this article is silly. \n\nIts like saying Upwork and Freelancer / Uber and Lyft is Not A Happy Marriage. ': 1, 'SO there\'s not "And they lived happily ever after."': 1, "Right. And it's not just eBay. When searching for quality at a low price, I sometimes find an item on Amazon or ebay and then search out the unlinked webpage of the seller. Since Amazon charges listing fees it's often the case that the seller has a cheaper listing that they aren't allowed to advertise on Amazon or eBay.": 1}, ('ThinkBitcoin on Twitter: "Fantastic preso + demo at #fintechMelb from Jarred @smartbithq using THE #bitcoin #blockchain to turn on a light!! https://t.co/lYcrR9BiOF"', 4): {'Smartbit got to pitch at Fintech Melbourne in front of 400 people among 5 finalist.\n\nWe demonstrated Bitcoin Bot which turned on a light from a payment which got some great feedback from the audience. \n\nThough the pitch night was won by a more traditional fintech company who specialised in providing bank statement data.\n\nThis is very early, but we have a beta sign up online for any one that is interested to find out more. \nhttps://beta.smartbit.com.au/beta-register\n': 2}, ('Peter Todd on Chain Anchors, Bitsquare and Zhou Tonged.', 26): {'nobody cares what Peter Todd thinks': -13, "No, it's a completely legitimate request to have him validate that. You're blindly listening to this guy but a few months ago that's what he was advocating. \n\nYour hate is misplaced.": 0, 'I\'ve heard of Peter Todd but have never heard of "Annapurna317". \n\n\'Nuff said.': 1, "This was on this sub earlier this year. I'm too lazy to find it for you but it's there if you look. It wasn't censored or covered up and it's definitely not FUD. I'm pretty sure Peter Todd would confirm this for you if you asked him. He really things we should delay the halving.\n\n/u/petertodd please prove me wrong (and I will delete this and not post it anymore)\n\nDo you believe we should delay the halving, or centrally control future block reward drops?\n\nSecond, do you think we should raise the 21 million coin limit?\n\nPlease reply no to both of these, if so I'll shut my loud mouth. ;P": -1, "Once you really understand RBF, you realize how useful it is to the protocol. CLTV is another area that he provided enormous contributions to. \n\nJust spend some time on the notifications from github and/or the weekly dev meetings and you'll realize how much he's contributing.": 5, 'RBF extremely useful. Can already see the number of newbie posts "My transaction got stuck" dropping.': 4, "Idiots like you don't. All the rest of us recognise his experience and knowledge on the subject and very much appreciate his contributions and explanations.": 8, 'Name one useful contribution he made.': -3, 'T r o ll': 1, "I'm sure that troll FUD list you're quoting from (I mean, you're too stupid to come up with this yourself) included some links to those proposals too?": 2, 'RBF': 0, "Not friends with trolls. Another thing you're mistaken in apparently.": 6, 'No actually, I wanted him to answer to clarify so that I can stop worrying that someone who people listen to on this sub has deleterious ideas for Bitcoin.': 0, 'Nope, you are the idiot my friend..': -7, "Noo dude... You got that all wrong. Probably misled by misquotes and lying headlines.\n\nHe was just playing what if games. Thought experiments. Possible solutions to what others were claiming would be a disastrous event. A scientist can do that: assume a position (no matter how unlikely or impossible) and start reasoning from there. Sometimes you end up finding something extremely weird, sometimes you end up proving the assumed position was really impossible, usually it gets you nowhere other than an interesting fun thought experiment.\n\nEither way, then the trolls misquote you and half a year later your still getting nagged about it.\n\n> Do you believe we should delay the halving, or centrally control future block reward drops?\n\n> Second, do you think we should raise the 21 million coin limit?\n\nYou're trolling by just asking those. Go waste someone else's time already.": 1, "For those that listen you'll learn about things like this:\n\nIronically: [Stealth Addresses](https://sx.dyne.org/stealth.html) could also be used to implement the tracking side of this.  You register your Stealth Address Scan Key with Authority.  They can identify transactions coming from and going to registered addresses, and it is private to anyone but the whitelisters, since the Scan Key is not public.": 3, "You don't think he has better things to do than answer stupid bullshit accusations that you pull out of your ass?": 2, 'I guess you want the 21million coin cap increased like he does? Or you want the halving delayed too - another proposal he made?\n\ngg': -3, 'No, I said useful.': -2}, ('Facebook\xe2\x80\x99s new banking system | IOL', 4): {'tldr?': 2, 'This will be a great option and I hope both sides will win using these feature.': 1, "That fucking face! i'd give half of my btcs just to see him in a cage with fabricio werdum": 1, '>The prize is huge. If you know where people have been, which sites they visit, which apps they download, and also their spending habits, you know a massive amount about them - much more than their bankers, the credit and debit card companies, and more than their mobile phone operators. Instead of the crude contextual advertisements of the moment, or the even cruder points-based credit-scoring systems, a company could not only target users with sensible advertising but also be able to make a judgement as to whether people were a good credit risk or not.': 1, 'I think it will be great feature for both sides. ': 1}, ('Bitcoin\xe2\x80\x99s fathers and mothers: Quest for \xe2\x80\x98real\xe2\x80\x99 Satoshi Nakamoto', 2): {"It really doesn't matter who Satoshi actually is.": 3, "The reasons given for needing to know who Satoshi is are terrible...because there are no good ones. You don't want the public to know who's in possession of $450+ million in bitcoin, and knowing who Satoshi is would only hurt their legacy: Satoshi is Satoshi and knowing any more would ruin the legend.\n\nSure, everyone's curious, but it's undeniably better to keep the identity a mystery.": 2}, ("Anyone have an update on Rootstock? I'm excited about their bitcoin smart contracts. I know they are hard at work...", 26): {'Does anyone have a link to their code?': 4, 'Two weeks ^TM': 1, ">The R3 bank consortium is all over Ethereum \n\nI don't think this is correct. They've used Ethereum for proof of concept, but they are building a private, centralized, trusted, distributed ledger which is not remotely related to blockchains like Bitcoin and Ethereum at all. ": 2}, ('South Africa\xe2\x80\x99s Carte Blanche (tv show) examines bitcoin, features bitcoin exchange BitX', 0): {}, ('Bitcoin competitor & global banking software SWIFT susceptible to simple .exe malware attacks.', 5): {'So are private keys stored on a computer that connects to the Internet.  This literally applies to any device on the Internet that contains anything of value.  ': 2, "Oops everyone's bank account is 0.  Sorry please play again!": 2}, ('5 seconds can save your money if you are #bitcoin trader', 2): {'It a great site for sure, thanks for sharing. ': 1, 'what have you done?': 3, 'https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=Z2Di716BBXQ': 0, 'I have had police seize all my cash,my vehicles, my step daughters cash, my cell phones, my bank accounts, the one thing they could not take is my $30,000 worth of Bitcoin\\Litecoins. That saved my life and able for me to get back on my feet and continue life.......so thank you Bitcoin I salute you!': 4}, ('Securing the city of the future with Bitcoin', 11): {}, ('Will Ebay close my store when mention OpenBazaar?', 22): {'How can it be not allowed? They link all my visitors to adverts to similar items on my eBay page??!!\n\nEbay used to be great a seller but greed has killed a once great marketplace. ': 0, 'Not allowed:  \n[Including contact information or an offer to buy or sell an item outside of eBay](http://pages.ebay.com/help/policies/rfe-spam-non-ebay-sale.html)': 10, 'I am thinking linking from OpenBazaar to Ebay.\n\nHow could I proof that OpenBazzar shop linked to the Ebay shop are the same one? Public signature?\n\nAny ideas from Bitcoiners here?\n': 1, 'It would be great to have code so if an item sold on one platform the code would remove the item from the sales list of the other platform.': 1, "You can use your public key, and signed messages to prove it is you on the profile section.  (I assume)  \nJust don't mention Open anywhere on Ebay. ": 1, 'thanks for that': 2, "OP isn't famous and the general public isn't going to go through the hassle with OpenBazaar, so I doubt Streisand effect would happen.": 1, 'Ebay holds the right to cancel any auctions and terminate the account if they find out the information is linked to OpenBazaar somehow. The eBay TOS clearly state \xe2\x80\x9cincluding contact details or an offer to buy or sell an item outside of eBay\xe2\x80\x9d is not allowed, and a violation of their policy.': 1, "That's when you abandon eBay! ;)": 1, "I'm curious if that would include mentioning the name of your brick-and-mortar store, or website.\n\nSeems a lot of listings would be in violation.  Of course I'm sure eBay selectively enforces such things anyway.": 1, 'ebay2openbazaar.xyz': 1, "It'd be kind of dumb if they do, Streisand effect and all. Then again, it's unlikely OB will have an impact on their business since illegal/untaxed items are the main use case. ": 0}, ('How Blockchain Technology Could Enable Next-Generation, Peer-To-Peer Energy Microgrids', 2): {'This sounds really great idea, great project and I hope one day it will be real. ': 1, 'ha, I just got my inverter today, and am powering one of my miners completely off light!!!!!! (At least while the sun is out, switch to mains at night), Hopefully next week will have 2 running on photons!! Take that China!': 1}, ('Coinlab Patent - System and method for analyzing transactions in a distributed ledger', 2): {'*Checks to see if this is the same Coinlab that sued MtGox*.\n\n> Inventors: Vessenes, Peter Joseph (Bainbridge Island, WA, US) \n\nYep, it is. Fun fact, Coinlab sued MtGox for $75 million http://gawker.com/massive-bitcoin-business-partnership-devolves-into-75-487857656?rev=1367540238 ': 2}, ('Nobody needs Counterparty - a discussion on needs and wants', 18): {"> Not getting the point.\n\nCome on Paul, let's march forward. Focus will get us to where we're going, A long journey begins with the first step! In this small market that is bitcoin mining, why do miners mine?\n\n> People do what they want, use the tech that they want, and take the risks they want.\n\nPerfect, we're a smidge closer. What are people using the daily issuance for?": 1, 'Only close-to-objective needs are shelter, food, sleep. The rest is subjective.': 8, "Oh funny, we talked about this issue and your project on this most recent podcast. Good timing. You ready to recurse Paul? I think you're capable, We can do this!\n\nA little under one million usd worth of bitcoin per day is mined to satisfy **inelastic** demand. Those miners sell to people who **need** that bitcoin in order to survive. That's the function of mining, to convert registered value into fungible value, to use or sell to those that need fungibility.\n\nI know you haven't gone to this place in your head before, but let's think about this together. Who needs Ethereum? What inelastic need will be served by eth, that isn't better served by btc? There is no good good answer. Ethereum is mined simply to sell to the greater fool. It is unsustainable, and is being supported by speculation, and not utility.\n\nThat's why Counterparty doesn't need to care about mining, it uses the inelastic demand from bitcoin users in order to secure its network. Double-secret protip twist: your project does the same thing.\n\nRead my latest article in Coindesk if you want to level up. Ignore it if you wish to continue on your path to stupid.": 2, '> Who are these people that "need that bitcoin mined in order to survive?"\n\nGamblers, escorts, drug dealers, and capital flighters. Meet billy, he\'s a good place to start: https://soundcloud.com/bitcoinuncensored/interview-with-billy-the-escort-who-talks-to-us-about-his-weekly-bitcoin-habit \n\nAnd if you doubt it, just start going through the research and numbers. At least $600k USD per day is spent in the DNMs. Here\'s a good gateway: https://www.deepdotweb.com\n\n> And couldn\'t they just buy from exchanges? \n\nGenerally they do buy from a protracted series of exchange disinter-mediation. However, the value of bitcoin to this market (the ones who use the most bitcoin per day) is its fungibilty.\n\n> Or do they really die without miners selling them miner coin?\n\nIn many cases, Yes. These are inelastic demands.\n\n> Bitcoin even without a block reward is elastic... It can always go up in value to provide the value needed for as large a market as might wish to use it. \n\nPaul, your comprehension of economics is far worse than mine, and I never completed middle school. "Price Elasticity of Demand" is a 101 concept in micro economics. Your point here is irrelevant.\n\n> I do view the hashing power of Bitcoin as the key to security\n\nSo Paul, is it your opinion that the mining network is secured by speculation alone? That would make this project untenable, as capital inflows invariably rescind as the charity/greed/gullibility of its depositors went broke and/or were unable to continue finding new baghodlrs.\n\n> Wow. Great motivation there. Keep up the class act.\n\nYou know we\'re the least classiest people in this space. If we were classy, you\'d listen to us, and then we\'d not have anyone to laugh at on our show :)': 0, 'Miners mine for the incentive (the block reward).  \n\n> Perfect, we\'re a smidge closer. What are people using the daily issuance for?\n\nPeople in this case would be miners?  The Bitcoin they earn is an Investment (if they keep the bitcoin) or something exchanged for cash (if they sell the Bitcoin).\n\nMaybe some trading of cryptocoins and purchases of goods.  Maybe some gifting. too. \n\nYou want me to "march forward," but this has nothing to do with the topic of this thread.  Unless you can make an argument or observation relevant to the post, I don\'t know why I should follow you "to where we\'re going."': 1, 'u/bashco, can you give this man/woman/trans an expert flair?': 1, "Correct. That's why people need bitcoin: https://soundcloud.com/bitcoinuncensored/interview-with-billy-the-escort-who-talks-to-us-about-his-weekly-bitcoin-habit (And why Counterparty is secured and relevant)": 2, 'http://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/ethereum/#charts\n\nhttp://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/counterparty/\n\nThe pump deflated.': 2, "That's a question of security of the platform, not whether the platform itself is needed. You can move to platforms that don't require mining at all - Ripple, Open Assets, BitShares, etc. and gain the same value proposition - issuing central assets on a decentralized or semi-decentralized system. You don't need millions of dollars of mining to secure loyalty points for a podcast.": 2, "I think by his math Colored Coins might have as many as 1,000 to 2,000 users. I would still say that's no one.": 1, 'Not even sure what your point is.  "Counterparty\'s mining is performed by bitcoin miners."\n\nThe obvious retort would be, "...And Ethereum\'s mining is performed by Ethereum miners.  So?"\n\nWe are left to guess what the point really is, or what it has to do with the blog post.  Usually a good tactic is to line up a response with something said in the blog.  Key words help.... but not this time.\n\nHere are the pivotal words used in your reply, that happen to also be words utterly missing from the blog: "Miners", "Energy", "Benevolent", "Process", "Scarce", "Expensive", "Resource", "Underserved", "think different" (appears in quotes, but isn\'t a quote), "computer science", "innovation", and "economic".\n\nIt is almost as if you replied to the wrong article.  But since you replied here AND on the blog, I\'m guessing you really do think this is a reply in some way.': 2, '> u/bashco [+23], can you give this man/woman/trans an expert flair?\n\nMild insult and Sexist humor detected.....innocuous.  Constructing genocidal reply....inappropriate.  \n\nShutting down.': 2, 'How can you say that when no one is using any of the meta coin platforms yet?': 1, '> Ethereum is mined simply to sell to the greater fool.\n\nHow dare you sir!\n\nI declare Briton36 a Suppressive Person.  \n\n(Do I need a humor tag?)': 1, 'This article is silly in a bunch of ways. But rather than write a long winded reply, I can sum up the principle reason this is a dumb response: Counterparty\'s mining is performed by bitcoin miners.\n\nPiachu seems to believe burning energy is a benevolent process, and people will mine because they want to be different. Counterparty believes mining is a scarce and expensive resource, for which people will only burn energy if they have to.\n\nSince Counterparty relies on Bitcoin, and bitcoin is a technology for whom energy is burned because of *actual need* (ie they\'re underserved), counterparty doesn\'t have to deal with need-based issues of Ethereum(who doesnt serve the underserved).\n\nIt\'s not complicated, and it\'s not a long-winded explanation of user preferences to "think different". It\'s simple economics that piachu continually fails to grasp because he thinks blockchains are a computer science innovation and not an economic innovation.': 3, 'Trillions of users, surely.': 1, "> 600k really isn't that much. Bitcion has (in K to highlight magnitude) ~7000000k cap, Greater than 20000k on exchanges, etc.\n\nPaul, that's about half the daily issuance. (And that $600k is probably on the low side, I could see it being twice that). What threshold of the day's coins would you suggest is significant? And what are people using bitcoin for, if not retail transactions, and remittance? (and with whom)\n\n> That's what, almost 40000 dollars to every dollar in Bitcoin? \n\nYou're completely missing the point. Stay focused, we can do it! I agree bitcoin is a small part of the global system. But stay in the context of this system - what do people use bitcoin for? Service they're not receiving online from competitors.\n\n> Not buying it.\n\nPaul. This is a basic economic concept. Look into what inelastic demand is. Listen to the interview with billy. The venn diagram of that supply and that demand, intersects completely.\n\n> Actually, most of what 101 tries to tell you about micro economics is irrelevant\n\nNo. Man you are an obstinate donkey.\n\n> I don't even know how to relate a discussion about security through proof of work to concepts of speculation generated value.\n\nPaul, recurse we me! We can do it! Why do people mine?\n\n> Not as good at following a topic, as pretty literally none of this has anything to do with this thread.\n\nThe show is fairly autobiographical. I'll be continuing this discussion there...": 0, "> That's a question of security of the platform\n\nThe only efficiencies blockchains provide is service to the underserved. The only way that the underserved receive this service is through efficiency. Discussions of this technology, absent the opportunity costs involved are silly. That is also why we don't discuss attaching wings and props to our cars - no one wants their cars to fly, because of the opportunity costs associated with those wants. \n\n> issuing central assets on a decentralized or semi-decentralized system\n\nRipple is centralized, as it Bitshares. Open assets is decentralized, and is in fact 'useful', because it's mining is 'needed' and subsidized by the federal government. (Just like counterparty) \n\n> You don't need millions of dollars of mining to secure loyalty points for a podcast.\n\nCorrect. Which is why blockchains are for the underserved. Mysql does this job just fine.": 1, "Not getting the point.  You have a very small market, tons of alternatives, but some small number of devoted users.  And you are dissing some smaller alternatives with some devoted users.\n\nThis market is chaotic, and tons of tech will succeed. And more will fail.  Even Bitcoin isn't a sure thing.  \n\nYou can dress it up, but it is way more simple than you paint it.  People do what they want, use the tech that they want, and take the risks they want.": 2, "> no one is using any of the meta coin platforms yet?\n\nWhat do you mean? There are thousands, if not hundreds of thousands of users.\n\nFor EPOBC colored coins alone we have ~300 users, and it's probably the smallest of the bunch.\n\nYeah, sure, none of them is as big as Bitcoin, but you don't need millions of users to uncover fundamental problems with the technology.": 1, '> Oh funny, we talked about this issue and your project on this most recent podcast. Good timing. You ready to recurse Paul? I think you\'re capable, We can do this!\n\nRecurse?  More like chase a rabbit, which of course was my point... Your response doesn\'t seem to have anything to do with the blog post you replied to.\n\nBut okay, let\'s see what you have.\n\n> A little under one million usd worth of bitcoin per day is mined to satisfy **inelastic** demand. Those miners sell to people who **need** that bitcoin in order to survive. That\'s the function of mining, to convert registered value into fungible value, to use or sell to those that need fungibility.\n\nWho are these people that "**need** that bitcoin mined in order to survive?"  And couldn\'t they just buy from exchanges?  Or do they really die without miners selling them miner coin?\n\nBitcoin even without a block reward is elastic... It can always go up in value to provide the value needed for as large a market as might wish to use it.  What it has trouble doing is scaling to the transaction volume, but that is a different bouncy white rodent.  And if people need Bitcoin, they buy them.  In a 6 to 7 billion dollar market, 1 million a day represents less than 0.1 percent of the supply.   \n\n> I know you haven\'t gone to this place in your head before, but let\'s think about this together. Who needs Ethereum? What inelastic need will be served by eth, that isn\'t better served by btc? There is no good good answer. Ethereum is mined simply to sell to the greater fool. It is unsustainable, and is being supported by speculation, and not utility.\n\nSome conclusions without actual logic.  Stopped clocks are often right, but without any reasoning to discuss, I am not sure what we are supposed to talk about.\n\n> That\'s why Counterparty doesn\'t need to care about mining, it uses the inelastic demand from bitcoin users in order to secure its network. Double-secret protip twist: your project does the same thing.\n\nI do view the hashing power of Bitcoin as the key to security.  I have always said that the point of Factom is to provide a scalable way to put data on the Bitcoin blockchain with the minimum of cost and infrastructure.  I am not sure what elasticity has to do with this (an incentive is needed to pay mining, but I\'m not sure that has anything to do with elasticity).\n\n> Read my latest article in Coindesk if you want to level up. Ignore it if you wish to continue on your path to stupid.\n\nWow.  Great motivation there.   Keep up the class act.': 1, '> Who are these people that "need that bitcoin mined in order to survive?"\n> Gamblers, escorts, drug dealers, and capital flighters. Meet billy, he\'s a good place to start: https://soundcloud.com/bitcoinuncensored/interview-with-billy-the-escort-who-talks-to-us-about-his-weekly-bitcoin-habit\n> And if you doubt it, just start going through the research and numbers. At least $600k USD per day is spent in the DNMs. Here\'s a good gateway: https://www.deepdotweb.com\n\n600k really isn\'t that much.  Bitcion has (in K to highlight magnitude) ~7000000k cap,  Greater than 20000k on exchanges, etc.\n\nSomewhere around 1 Billion in dollars, mostly bills, is used in this sort of services per  day.  That\'s what, almost 40000 dollars to every dollar in Bitcoin?  And dollars are more fungible, more private, and easier to acquire, easier to launder.  Just a little harder to smuggle across boarders, but plenty of banks are happy to help.\n\n Bitcion is just a "bit" player here.\n\n>> And couldn\'t they just buy from exchanges?\n> Generally they do buy from a protracted series of exchange disinter-mediation. However, the value of bitcoin to this market (the ones who use the most bitcoin per day) is its fungibilty.\n\nSmall fry don\'t have too much trouble obscuring their coins.  Large organizations simply can\'t (too many patterns pop out of the blockchain).\n\n>> Or do they really die without miners selling them miner coin?\n> In many cases, Yes. These are inelastic demands.\n\nNot buying it.\n\n>> Bitcoin even without a block reward is elastic... It can always go up in value to provide the value needed for as large a market as might wish to use it.\n\n> Paul, your comprehension of economics is far worse than mine, and I never completed middle school. "Price Elasticity of Demand" is a 101 concept in micro economics. Your point here is irrelevant.\n\nActually, most of what 101 tries to tell you about micro economics is irrelevant.  Of course, dismissal without any reasoning is a conversation deadend.\n\n>> I do view the hashing power of Bitcoin as the key to security\n> So Paul, is it your opinion that the mining network is secured by speculation alone? \n\nAnd we have a massive Leap!\n\nI never brought up speculation.  I don\'t even know how to relate a discussion about security through proof of work to concepts of speculation generated value.  \n\n>> Wow. Great motivation there. Keep up the class act.\n\n> You know we\'re the least classiest people in this space. If we were classy, you\'d listen to us, and then we\'d not have anyone to laugh at on our show :)\n\nYou do a funny show.  Not as good at following a topic, as pretty literally none of this has anything to do with this thread.': 2, "> Colored coins lose their color, for example, if the UTXOs do not move from color enabled wallet to color enabled wallet.\n\nThis is something critics like to point out, but it haven't been a problem in practice. Special colored addresses prevent accidents of this kind.": 1, 'This is such a dumb post ThePiachu. Generally, I have considered your commentary well thought out, but this misses the point of your debate entirely. You are correct that no one "needs" these platforms. But you have applied no thoughtfulness to the discussion whatever. How did the world turn before Bitcoin? How did drug dealers and prostitutes deal with clients or their bosses? The answer is that cash provides many of the efficiencies of Bitcoin. Bitcoin, however, ushered in a new era of efficiency for certain things - moving cash across borders for example. As a result, those participating in that new paradigm "need Bitcoin." Moreover, when Visa, Mastercard, and AMEX pulled their services from Backpages, in the past, that business would have been effectively shut down. This new world allows them to continue to survive. You can choose to be as literal about that commentary as you want. But as it stands, people need Bitcoin. It is not simply used because it is cool.\n\nTo whether people "need" counterparty, your point is entirely that the functionalities provided by counterparty are very very useful - but there are other platforms that also provide those functionality. That\'s true. You fail to recognize any of the shortcomings of all the platforms and even say that colored coins is further along in development. I don\'t think that\'s true, but even if it is, I don\'t think Chris or I have ever criticized colored coins. It is a viable alternative to Counterparty, though it is definitely limited by Bitcoin. Colored coins lose their color, for example, if the UTXOs do not move from color enabled wallet to color enabled wallet. Counterparty, on the other hand, deals with accounts, letting users send Counterparty assets to and from Bitcoin wallets encoding themselves in the blockchain by riding on the back of transactions. Very simply, it is a more useful way of encoding data into the blockchain than Colored Coins. That said, that could change. But it\'s very clear that the functionality of meta coins are very very useful. Use = need. If they provide efficiencies (settlement in video games, tether, etc) then.\n\nThe other point, that I think you glossed over is that Bitcoin is paid for by subsidies by the federal government. So that means that the price of Bitcoin reflects the premium on fungible value. The less useful currently fungible vehicle like cash become, the more people "need" Bitcoin. As that premium increases, so too does the price of Bitcoin, along with the hash rate which is securing the chain. What that means is you have a chain whose security is based on the need for fungible value, and you are comparing it to a chain whose entire utility is premised on the notion that people need smart contracts. That\'s a fine point, but for the fact that you nor anyone can identify who needs these things or, for that matter, what some examples of useful smart contracts are that aren\'t ridiculously convoluted. You are absolutely right in saying that people might use them because it\'s cool, but you have to admit that the fundamental truth about blockchains is that they rely on capital inflows for their security. That means that there needs to be someone who "needs" what this provides, in order for the block chain to support the weight of it\'s data.\n\nThis, might even be a better vehicle by which Counterparty could be criticized. To say that it adds chain weight and is likely unconsidered in miner\'s securing of the chain, is an entirely legitimate criticism. If that is true, then were a Counterparty asset to gain real value, it might be the kind of thing that incentivizes an attack on the network. But that isn\'t your criticism.\n\nUltimately, people can build projects because they can, or they feel like it, or they want to, but at the end of the day, someone is going to have to demonstrate a "need" for that project. I built a lot of things when I was a kid. I databased all my baseball cards, I spent hours cataloguing my music, I had literal pissing contests. But those were fun, and their effects on others were negligible and transcient. What do you do when your blockchain is gigabytes large, requires its users to store in active memory, data that may or may not be useful, and whose entire proposition is to build a blockchain that is not secured by its fungible token, and rather, whose incentive is entirely based on the utility of smart contracts.\n\nIt seems to me, you mistook Chris\'s criticisms of Ethereum as an endorsement of Counterparty. When in reality, we have never pumped Counterparty insofar as saying we think the tech is really cool. We have said numerous times XCP is a dubious proposition since people might not (again with the word) "need" it. Moreover, the smart contracts that will be added to the platform are going to be every bit as useful as Ethereum. Again, in spite of that truth, the same question needs to be answered. Who needs this shit? Sure, it will be on Bitcoin so the security part is solved, but that doesn\'t instantly mean people need it. The beauty of Counterparty is that because it\'s on Bitcoin, your criticism of it doesn\'t matter because it free-rides on the back of the network. Ethereum, on the other hand is 15GBs and growing and begging for someone to find some utility. Bitcoin\'s utility was obvious from the outset... Ethereum\'s utility is not. Counterparty\'s utility might not be obvious, but since it is on the Bitcoin network, it could languish for 10 years before finding an use whereas Ethereum doesn\'t have that luxury. When you have no utility and all you have are users playing with it because it\'s cool, you have a price that is driven by nothing more than rampant speculation. Bitcoin definitely has it\'s speculators (as does XCP), but there is real utility there as well. Ethereum... not so much.': 6}, ('Dude thinks bitcoin will be worth $30k by august.', 0): {'Well no one can predict it for sure. Everything is possible. ': 1, 'One can dream.. but $510 is a more realistic target.': 3, 'Would agree with $500ish, Bitcoin does have  habbit of dumping just as hard as pumping :(': 3, "Not likely but also not impossible. Either way it's going up.": 3, "Around $518 it's the highest expectation, 30k is too much or he thought august 2030 ?": 2}, ('Has the Bitcoin Community Let Conspiracy Theories Stand Against its Forward Match? | BitcoinAverage', 3): {'Fact not theory ': 1, "Silly conspiracy theories are rampant, exhibit #1: https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/4gbz26/peter_todd_approached_by_us_govt_for_sentiment/d2gck0c\n\nThis subreddit is plagued with wild conspiracies. I think a lot of them are created on purpose to muddy the waters. I wouldn't say we're letting them stand against our march forward though, but they are definitely frustrating. Btw, this article needs some serious work, it's full of grammar and spelling errors. ": 1}, ('Blockchain-Based HEAL Bonds Help Fund HIV Research', 0): {}, ('Bitstamp Becomes First Nationally Licensed Bitcoin Exchange; License Applies In 28 EU Countries', 71): {"Please, Bitstamp wasn't the first. Paymium was.\nhttps://paymium.com/": 5, 'https://www.bitstamp.net/article/bitstamp-first-nationally-licensed-btc-exchange/': 1, 'Where I can find the list of all supported countries? ': 1, '>\xe2\x80\x9cThe passport system in the EU is serving the industry well and highlights that the state-by-state approach here in the U.S. is broken, unnecessarily burdensome, and holding back innovation,\xe2\x80\x9d said Boring. \xe2\x80\x9cAnd if the EU is able to passport companies in, why don\xe2\x80\x99t we have a similar program in the U.S.?\xe2\x80\x9d\n\nGreat question, Perianne! ': 4, 'Its everywhere in EU. Bitstamp shopped around for the least hassle place to license and Luxembourg was the choice.\n\nThats how it works in EU... you go for the weak link then it can be used everywhere.  See all the chinese nationals using cash for visas in portugal then going to live in london, etc etc.': 2, 'Great, thanks for you help. ': 1, 'Seems to be all EU member countries: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Member_state_of_the_European_Union#List': 2}, ('Bitcoin Users Can Soon Rent Over 100 Lionsgate Movies Through Steam', 59): {'smooth smooth, smoothsmoothsmooth.\n\nPeople like games. This is a big deal.': 1, 'You guys serious? Streamlord.com have been accepting Bitcoin donations for movies way before this...': 1, 'Or pay $1 less and watch it through most services like VUDU with a credit card.': 0, "Movies and video for bitcoin will be a thing!  There are few indie films available at WatchMyBit\nhttp://www.watchmybit.com/Video/Show/d98384a1-aa5a-47c0-86a2-cededb2c8c4d\nhttp://www.watchmybit.com/Video/Show/942f93bd-913c-4148-a9ca-a75fe92f65a1\nhttp://www.watchmybit.com/Video/Show/820d24a1-4b53-4786-bfb3-23ab2fdeff59\nhttp://www.watchmybit.com/Video/Show/ebc9e4d4-07f6-4a92-8047-ade406410f42\n\nAll under $1\nAlso, I'll be presenting WMB to the Minnesota Filmmakers Meetup on April 30th.  If you are near Minneapolis, come on by!": 1, 'yifymovie already IS a THING.': 1, 'why ? \n\nalot of place offer free suchs as streamlord and popcorn time!!!\n\nyou dont pay a penny': 1, "Honestly a bit disappointing to me. They make you convert from BTC to USD... this means you are holding USD at all times instead of them pricing everything in BTC. It would be really cool if they actually let you pay for things in BTC. All they are doing is adding a third party to accept your BTCs for a small markup.. Why on earth would you want to take USD you get from a job, convert to BTC at some point, and then pay a small markup to xfer back to USD in preset increments? It's really not a bold move by steam in any way. They took on no risk and are cashing in on the free media hype. ": 1, '> According to the official information, several top movie titles are part of this deal, including the Saw, Twilight, and Hunger Games collections. Users will be able to rent the movies for 48 hours, during which they can view the movie an unlimited amount of times. Depending on which movie one wants to rent, the price will be between US$4 and US$5 per movie.\n\nI could save my Bitcoins, and just download that crap for free and watch it as many times as I like. ': 1, '...Or dollarydoos. The article was only tangentially related to Bitcoin. The focus of it was clearly on the new availability of movies from Lionsgate.\n\nTo be at risk of sounding like a prick... if we had any consistency of moderation, this post would have been removed.': 1, 'Are you looking forward to this option?': 2, "> According to the official information, several top movie titles are part of this deal, including the Saw, Twilight, and Hunger Games collections. Users will be able to rent the movies for 48 hours, during which they can view the movie an unlimited amount of times. Depending on which movie one wants to rent, the price will be between US$4 and US$5 per movie.\n\nYea, even if the streaming worked for me (which it has not in the past, due to CDN issues)... I'm not going to pay $5 USD for a 48hour rental.\n\nTry again.": 2, "btc has a magic ability to filter out torrentable media payers, so I doubt if we'll see an adoption here.": 1, 'Hmm, this might get me to sign up to Steam ... especially if they do it in a payment channel pay-per-byte type of implementation.': 1, 'but... but.... you get to pay with bitcoin. LOL': 1, 'soon. try RIGHT NOW!': 1, "Yes this is amazing feature and can't wait to use it.": 5}, ('I messed up.', 0): {'So what happened, did you resolve this?': 1, "Ah cool, didn't know that. Thx! ": 2, 'You should never need to -rescan since like 0.8...': 1, 'Also not when I change my wallet.dat to something else?': 1, 'i just let it resync ': 1, "Make sure you're running 0.12 it will go way faster": 4, 'Correct. The wallet keeps track of how up to date it is, and Core will rescan automatically as needed to get it current.': 2}, ('Are there any decent Bitcoin tickets for the Apple Watch?', 4): {"I don't think there are any ads on the Apple Watch app.": 2, 'Bitcoin Ticker by XBT Apps Ltd\nhttps://appsto.re/us/dZvpA.i': 1, "I think there's isn't such a thing so far. ": 1, 'Yes, it might still be good. Maybe I should give it a chance. Just felt that the price asked for ad removal is over the top. ': 1, 'The regular Apple stock ticker can show the Bitcoin price as part of the modular face': 1, "I'm in the same boat, not happy with Crypto Pro": 1, '*tickers': 1, '50 euros to use this without ads for a year. No thanks. ': 1}, ('What happens if the owner of bitcoins passes away?', 16): {'https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/4g6wa3/has_anyone_ever_researched_how_many_bitcoin_are/d2fkvue\n\nhttps://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/4g7ru7/have_most_of_my_life_savings_in_bitcoin_and_need/d2fkzsf': 1, "Yep, UTXOs are called coins in the source code, and the Bitcoin paper uses term 'coin' too, so claiming that coins do not exist is ridiculous.\n\nhttps://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/blob/master/src/coins.h#L73": 1, 'Educate whomever is your next of kin on how to import the key you leave in your will.': 3, 'One way would be to give your descendants private keys, or in some way derive private keys from shared knowledge that will be given to them at some point.\n\nAnd create a timelocked transaction (set to a future, but not too far) that will spend your cold storage to those addresses, include it in your will (via hex printout) or have it already broadcasted, and just move your coins periodically and update the transaction.': 1, 'you need the private keys setup in a trust to be passed down.': 2, 'Hal Finney sure does!': 2, 'The standardish way to do it is to give your estate lawyer part of your key(s). The other part, you either give directly to the intended party, or put it in a safe that they will have access to after your death.\n\nThe more entertaining way is to be a fabulously rich eccentric, spread parts of the keys and hints about them around the world, and then have your estate lawyer announce the first hints at the reading of your will, with whoever can get the keys first legally inheriting the contents.': 18, "Hadn't heard this before - I'll check it out, thanks.": 2, 'This may work http://bitcoinestateplan.com': 1, "In the underlying protocol, unspent transaction outputs (UTXOs) map very closely to 'coins' in the physical world. Transactions could be seen as one or more coins being melted down to produce new coins.\n\nhttp://bitzuma.com/posts/bitcoin-think-of-it-as-electronic-cash/": 4, 'Sounds like Ready Player One!': 4, 'Your private key can easily be backed up as a text string, QR code, or digital file.\n\npass it down just like baby photos': 3, 'They can memorize their private key and their bitcoins go to heaven with them... problem is nobody in heaven accepts bitcoin yet. They are probably working on some sort of sidechain solution. ': 6, "Without private key, you can't spend the coins.\n\nMany people here said that giving the key to someone else is solution. While it may be fine, thanks to bit coin being programmable, there is better way: you can give other person time-locked transaction which spends all your coins to their address(es). This way, they (or anyone who steals the transaction) can't spend your coins before certain time period during which you can cancel the transaction. In practice this means you would have to really die (or be disconnected for too long) for them to inherit your coins.\n\nThe disadvantage of this method is that you have to update the transaction every time your UTXO changes.": 1, "I think the best way to do this would be to set up a multisig transaction wherein 2 of 3 parties have to sign in order for it to be valid.  Then you don't need to share your private key.  \n\nSay you want to have your child inherit your coins.  You could set up the transaction between you, your kid, and a bank/mediator/lawyer.  In order for the transaction to be valid, 2 of the 3 parties have to sign it.  So you and your lawyer could sign it to send it to the child, or you and the child could sign it, or once you die the child and the lawyer could sign it.  .  But the third party lawer can't just send the money, nor can the child just take it.  \n\nYou could also set it up so the transaction won't be valid until after a certain date (well, block number).  \n\nhttps://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Multisignature": 1, 'If he has a brainwallet and there is a life after this one he can  continue hodling ': 2, 'At some point the owner needs to take responsibility and pass down their passwords, access, etc. There are ways to do this.': 4, 'If no one can access the private key then the Bitcoins are lost, whether you die or you just lose the key\n\nYou can do various things to safeguard your keys though, like write them down on a piece of paper ': 3, "This is a subject I have actually talked to a few lawyers about.\n\nEasiest case, and I know I may get flack for this, have your coins in Coinbase.  Just as a Bank in the U.S., coinbase goes through the same procedures, death certificate, will/trust, or estate affidavit procedures to release funds to another individual.\n\nOtherwise, I'd recommend having a Safe Deposit Box with your private key written out, and leave ownership of said box through a will.\n\n": 0, 'Unless the owner has some method of passing on the private keys, the value in that address dies with them.': 3, 'Check me out here, i think in less than 50,000 years their will be no bitcoins left due to people loosing their keys and or dieing with out telling anyone about ur bitcoins': 2, 'De debble take Bitcoin.': 5, 'Would anyone even know you had them?': 5, 'Did you mention doge coin?': 4, "Leaving instructions and a trezor (BTC hardware wallet) or paper wallet in a safety deposit box that's in your will would suffice. \n\nI would probably guess though that around 80% of BTC holders do not have any plans to allow for this transfer of ownership and many coins will be lost as the generation dies, It is already happening. \n\nIt is seen as a donation to all the other Bitcoin holders though as the coins permanently leave circulation, decreasing available supply, thus increasing the value of the coins in circulation.   \n\n": 3, "Yes you can give them access to your wallet in your will so they can spend your bitcoins. There are more complicated solutions to this as well. Dead man's switch type setups, smart contracts, multisig and what not.": 1, "If they were the only one with the key, it becomes inaccessible, just like if anyone lost their key. They are still part of the 21-million, but they don't go anywhere. However, the beauty is, as long as there is a finite number left, no matter how small, you can split that up into an infinite number of pieces. Just add more zeroes after the decimal point.": 2, 'I tried to explain Bitcoin to my Mom recently and she immediately associated it with "the end times" in the bible. Something about a single currency and the mark of the beast? That phone call ended on an awkward note.\n\nLove her to death, but I\'m once again reminded why I moved out when I turned 18.': 3, 'Correct! They are just abstractions. This is also why we can properly say things like: coins going to or coming from the LN or a sidechain (and these are actual bitcoins, not IOUs, nor 1:1 pegged altcoins, e.g., *RSK roots* **are** bitcoins).\n\nEven more generally, [Adam suggested that all altcoins are actually bitcoins](https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=911339.0). That one is a good argument on why we will always converge to a single valuable cryptocurrency unit. It is essentially game theoretic: altcoins can only bootstrap by being overpriced but, being fungible, rational players would refuse overpriced coins. Interestingly, it is an argument that does not involve any network effects or first-mover advantages.': 5, 'question.. with multisig are there multiple private keys?\n\nreading that page it seems like there is a single private key. so can you can keep using the bitcoins with your private key after you create it?': 1, "nothing new really. SOmeday he'll reincarnate and hopefully recall where he put his cold stash then get to spend it by his young body": 1, "If that happened, they are lost forever. It's the same thing as you lost you private key . ": 1, 'Fun fact for your paper: there are actually no coins in Bitcoin, just transactions - the coins are implied.': 8, "In theory one can setup a deadman switch to email encrypted private keys with instructions several times if/when you pass away - or don't check in for X days. You can put the decryption password in your will, but the deadman switch would actually distribute them to the people (or at least emails) you designate. Education beforehand might be helpful.\nAlso it may be possible to do a script Sig that is either 2 of 3 or 1+ntimelock. You give 1 key to the heir, 1 in safety deposit, and 1 for yourself, also the script and software to each of those. I don't know if there is software that will help with that though?": 1}, ('Bank of England scared about being ubered. Time for plan b.', 21): {'Well, they can be miners. :)': 2, 'Divide and conquer.\n\nOnce one bank sees true blockchain and bitcoin systems being used, others will have to follow due to fear of being left in the dust.\n\nOnly a matter of time.': 2, 'Tears taste gooooood': 2, 'Funny how banksters now showing how stupid they are. Hey hauser, u and your gang are on vinyls while world already has mp3s.......\nGood luck catching the train.': 2, 'Can I get this on a T-shirt?': 4, "How does a central bank even survive Bitcoin?\n\nA debt based asset that requires government compulsion, is arbitrary in quantity, is human modifiable in it its ledger, is held and transferred in third party account can't compete against an asset that is purely an asset, has no barrier to participate, has inalterable quantity and ledger and is held and transferred by user control. \n\nIt's only a matter of time to enculture people about the usefulness of Bitcoin.\n\nThere are people that profit from central banking institutions. These institutions themselves are as artificial and imaginary as their partner governments.  They are creations of humans. There is nothing absolute about their necessity.  Money is certainly an important column of civilization.  Money of central banks was just one temporary form of it.\n\n": 11, ">The blockchain was originally conceived by bitcoin's developers to do away with the need for central banks, by allowing the network to collectively sign off on transactions. But the likes of the Bank of England could in fact use the technology to help them in their jobs, by improving real-time monitoring of activity for example.\n\nThese clever bankers are like 5 steps behind understanding. Just buy Bitcoin and hold. ": 4, "But none of what they'll offer will have money-printing power, right?": 3, 'There are many services banks can offer even if everybody was using Bitcoin. They are smart to prepare and adopt.': 2, "I want to agree, but Bitcoin's superior characteristics do not guarantee that it will prevail. Examples abound in which coalitions of the worst marginalize or destroy their betters. Infanticide is a thing.": 3, 'You write amazing': 1, 'Offer absolute insured protection for your bitcoin. The average person is not smart enough to protect their life savings.\n\nPool people\'s bitcoin together and make a lightning network, gives people "interest" for helping maintain a larger lightning network': 1}, ('Altcoins promotion not allowed in /r/bitcoin unless...', 0): {"Reddit has to eat. I'm sure this is at the site administrator level, not mods the here.\n\nOn the other hand, ETH must really need users if they need to advertise here. Still not buying them :)": 1, "I don't think mods have access to that part.": 1, 'Scammers': 2}, ('Bitcoin Price Analysis: Reasons for Current Bitcoin Bull Run Revealed', 16): {"Yep, there was a giant triangle that started in November and got narrower and narrower until the price was practically motionless. It had to break either up or down, and it wasn't going down. \n\nAnd people are all surprised. ": 2, 'Wow the information in this.': 1, "Nice.  Don't feel bad about the rants.": 1, "http://imgur.com/evrkRpW\n\nThese little social media buttons that slide up and down covering the text I'm reading on mobile make me want to slap whoever coded this site.": 2, 'Interesting,  but still an opinion. ': 2, 'Yea. I sold my car my house and my dog for btc coz it could rise 20%. Haha.\n\nBut in all honesty you are not far off.. majority of my net worth is in crypto and most of my crypto was just turned into btc for this possible leg up. ': 5, 'Did u sell averything u own yet and buy btc? Otherwise u talking shit. ': -2, "Bull run hasn't even started yet. ;)": 1, "Did they not even fucking load the page themselves? They're damn annoying. ": 1, 'Could be all those reasons.. OR it could just be the fact that btc-usd pair just broke upwards out of a massive bullish pennant consolidation pattern that was building for 6 months. \n\nTraders gonna Trade.\n\nBtw price target of this move is around $600 \n\n': 5, '>Btw price target of this move is around $600\n\nSource?...\n\nI do agree about the patterns recently though': 1}, ('Help! Tx processed with 0 fee!', 7): {"Thanks, man. That's what I thought.": 1, '> You should never use Blockchain-info wallet for any reason\n> \n\nNever do. Thanks for the info.': 1, 'Uh, thanks! :D': 1, 'So do you find a solution on this ?': 1, 'I recently send a TX with no fee. it was small and lotsa bitcoin days destroyed. It went through directly.': 2, '.Oh I forgot one important thing. Make sure to select Bitcoin qt format in the drop down menu in the export unencrypted tab.\n\nIf you have any questions, feel free to ask me.': 1, "You should never use Blockchain-info wallet for any reason\n\nLookup the transaction id and see if other nodes still know about if\n\nIf they don't, sweep your private key from blockchain-info - you can use Electrum to do this. Generally nodes will forget about transactions after a couple of days, but a zero fee transaction might never have even been broadcast widely\n\nThis will restore your funds": 6, "Please explain why I shouldn't use Blockchain.info wallet...? I've been using it for several years and when I had any problems, their support was prompt. ": 2, 'I also send my transaction most of the time without any fee (no fast transaction needed, also with the low possibility that the transaction gets discarded)... It just takes some hours (max. 2 days from my experience)..': 1, 'They had several bit security issues and outages in their service... So a lot of people are not trusting anymore blockchain.info. ': 5, 'Been said, but sweep wallet using private keys.\n\nTransaction will get back to you.  Usually after 24h transactions are rejected and showing back in wallet': 1, 'Eli5. Why does zero fee not work?': 2, 'Thanks. Has it been that long since I sent with no fee? I like no-fee for rebalancing my own wallets. ': 1, 'Thanks for answering for me\n\n/u/changetip 1 day of reddit gold': 1, '*BitcoinReminder_com* received a tip for 1 day of reddit gold (290 bits/$0.14).\n\n\n\n\n--\n\n[^^what ^^is ^^ChangeTip?](https://www.reddit.com/r/changetip/wiki/tipping-on-reddit)': 0, 'Thank you for your reply, how do i do this? This looks complicated to me. The txid: https://blockchain.info/tx/53af6f149a804fa546f029bae93c320bdb7c55e28367c0d2e13f751314db17ab\n': 1, "Sending a message to blockchain.info will not change anything, they don't control the blockchain (the real one). \n\nWait for some hours, maybe a day. Your transaction will be flushed from the mempool at one point and you will be able to resend. With a fee.": 4, '*Devam13* received a tip for 1 day of reddit gold (290 bits/$0.13).\n\n\n\n\n--\n\n[^^what ^^is ^^ChangeTip?](https://www.reddit.com/r/changetip/wiki/tipping-on-reddit)': 1, "Minimum relay fee is present among all Bitcoin nodes (starting version 0.8.2). By default the Bitcoin client enforces it with a certain value (0.00001 BTC I think), which means if you don't tweak your Bitcoin node, zero-fees tx will be rejected and will not be relayed by your node.\n\nNode owners can however put a min relay fee of 0 (allowing zero-fees tx), however this is not a good idea since they will be highly explosed to tx/mempool flooding. Txs are held in mempool until accepted in blocks.\n\nNowadays it's very unlikely that miners (who also receive txs from other nodes) will receive and process zero-fees tx, for profit reasons and for the reasons mentioned in the first two paragraphs.": 2, '* Download Electrum wallet and create a new wallet.\n\n*  Next, **REMEMBER TO BACKUP THE SEED BY WRITING IT DOWN OR SOMETHING**.\n\n* Go to your blockchain.info wallet and get the private key of this address 1JmFyHRtj7XBSnYcNHSfgMg572gzW7Yitb by going into the Import/Export tab and selecting Export unencrypted and find the private key\n\n*  Then go to Electrum and select Wallet--> Private Keys --> Sweep and paste the private key\n\nAfterwards keep on using Electrum and make sure to backup the 12 words seed to restore the wallet later on.': 3, 'Thank you for your reply, what i meant to say was if they could somehow cancel the tx somehow, maybe im just clutching at straws! :D\n': 1}, ('Bitstamp just got a license to operate as a payment institution!', 85): {'I totally turned my ad blocker off to finish reading it. /s': 3, 'Great news, one important step is made. ': 1, 'And people in the comments section will *still* call Bitcoin a Ponzi scheme.': 4, '"people" i guess technically wrote them . . . though "personas" might be a more accurate term': 1, 'Wow...it stopped me from reading due to having an ad blocker': 5}, ('Bitstamp is the first nationally licenced BTC Exchange in europe', 377): {"You still have a reason even if you don't do wrong things: Privacy.": 2, "That's even worse.": 0, "Official tweet from Luxembourg's Minister of Finance:\nhttps://twitter.com/pierregramegna/status/724552769915523072": 11, 'Europe has kinda the opposite of the US system. Instead of needing a license for all 50 states, you get a license in any EU/EEA country, and it is valid for all of the EU.': 9, 'If this sort of regulation can so easily take away what makes Bitcoin "good," then Bitcoin wasn\'t all that good to begin with.': 1, 'Finally... After Kraken continuously claiming to be licensed and simply not fulfilling the criteria someone actually made it. At least now Bitcoin can finally be legally traded in the EU instead of in a grey area with funds held up, etc...': 1, "His point is only really valid if you're doing something you shouldn't be doing. Whether thats buying heroin on silk road or laundering money or whatever. If you're 100% above board then there is literally zero reason to use some fly by night exchange and hope for the best.": -1, 'Maybe I was confusing it with Coinbase who introduced UK native banking and then removed it. Bitstamp/Coinbase is a toss up now as we get shitty exchange fees either way.': 1, 'I thought Paymium was already regulated in France.': 4, 'I\'m not a anti-government nut, I understand the value of the current due process. What I am asking is, again, what does "Nationally licensed in Europe" mean?': 1, 'Never heard of them': 1, "Even price is only influenced in the short term by news like this. In the end price will be a factor of bitcoin's protocol level features, the community that writes and reviews the code and the rate at which central banking combusts.": 2, 'Exactly. So I would you call that a national license? It makes no sense.': 2, 'Nice of the governments and their men with guns and tanks to give Bitstamp permission to exist in Europe.': 25, "'www.bitstamp.net - Access Denied\nError code 16\nThis request was blocked by the security rules'\n\nTrying to connect from Myanmar ... No proxy, no VPN :(": 4, 'What the hell does that mean? Nationally licensed in Europe? Let me guess, Bitstamp is from the US?': 5, 'no.': 0, 'All exchanges MUST be regulated. ': -4, 'Yay EUR/BTC trading on stamp!': 1, '"Ma, I wanted a unicorn and this is not even a pony"': 2, "meaning, if you don't give us money, we will sue the shit out of you and you won't have your company anymore? My question is approximately - e.g. localbitcoin(unlicensed) vs bitstamp(licensed), what's the difference, law is less likely to come after you?": 1, "I don't know the legal details, but I would guess the fact that https://bitcoin.de has been fully integrated with the Fidor Bank for quite a while should imply they're licensed as well?": 5, 'Like BTC-e?': 3, 'what exactly that shitty licence does? ': -1, "If it helps adoption I'm okay with it as long as non-licensed alternatives are still available. ": 4, 'Agreed.': 7, 'Will you be a bank then, like Paypal?\n\nWill I have to declare it as a foreign bank account?': 3, 'Really great news, i hope this will happening often if future. ': 1, 'Wrong guess.': 1, "Too bad they don't document their public APIs well enough to be able to build a reliable connection to them.  Licensing or not, I won't trade there.": 1, 'One more reason to move your business elsewhere.': -4, "If I'm buying coins with legitimately earned money, I'll take the properly licensed / checked out marketplace over being Goxxed, thanks.": 2, "The good part is one doesn't have to use it.": 23, 'Bitstamp has used excuses of licenses, regulations and laws to freeze peoples withdrawals for ages. Does bitstamp still have any real trade volume outside of bots? It seems anyone you talk to regarding trading is using a different exchange.': -1, 'What are the best options for the UK these days? ': 1, 'The theory is that the licensing forces the exchange to provide proof to the government that they are worthy of operation, more or less.  The government says the risk is acceptable.': 2, "Regulation doesn't give legitimacy. If you only care about institutional money and the price then yes": -1, 'You prefer an unregulated and unaccountable mickey mouse exchange to hold your hard earned money and coins?\n\nGo look for some sketchy nigerian exchanges and i will laugh at you when it gets "hacked" ': -1, '> and UK\n\nIts a shame they removed their UK banking facilities, all that is here is an office now.': 2, 'Feel happy for Bitstamp, such a great news. ': 1, 'nope': 4, 'This. Too many people in the bitcoin community seem either ignorant or dismissive of the reality of how the world works. IMHO bitcoin, or any other cryptocurrency for that matter, will have to jump through certain government hoops if it is ever going to be adopted en masse. At least for a while.': 1, "You can be Goxxed with regulated exchange too. In fact we even knew who operate it (Mark Karpeles) and they've done proper KYC/AML on their clients...": 1, "Within the European Union it's called *Passporting*. The idea is that each member state (country) implements a common set of requirements (the Payment Services Directive) to register financial entities. Subsequently, any business obtaining a financial permit (such as a license to operate as an e-money institution) can then use that license to offer services in any other member state without needing to repeat the registration process. \n\nIt's similar to a US federal model in scope, except licenses are issued at a member state-level and provide standardization across the EU on everything from minimum capital requirements to anti-money laundering controls.\n ": 2, 'Bitcoin will be 100% legal and adopted, once it is 0% disruptive. they are working on it.': 1, 'Luxembourg, but the licence passports to the whole EU. So nationally licensed, but covers EU.': 2, '> The Times 03/Jan/2009 Chancellor on brink of second bailout for banks\n\nUs who wanted to get rid of banks with Bitcoin\'s "decentralised" system, say hello to our new centalised Bitcoin banking institutions. Haha :\'D': 14, 'You give regulators the money, then they have the money.  Great business model.': 10, 'Yet another place to launder money. ': -2, 'Hopefully this does not affect existing customers, but I have a feeling there will be another round of KYC coming my way.': 2, 'Yeah.. Unregulated exchanges like Mt. Gox are much better ;D /s': 1, 'Juge! ': 1, '$2 /u/changetip': 3, '/u/JamieStarrsAThief, Hakuna_Potato wants to send you a tip for 4,355 bits ($2.00). Follow me to **[collect it](https://www.changetip.com/collect/945917)**.\n\n--\n\n[^^what ^^is ^^ChangeTip?](https://www.reddit.com/r/changetip/wiki/tipping-on-reddit)': 2, 'Great news!': 5, "I think Bitcoin wasn't built to go through regulation and neither to serve some masses. \n\nIt is rather built for people who want unregulated free market money and if the masses don't want that (which is very likely at least until the next financial meltdown) they will not use it and that's all fine.": 3, 'Exactly! This is great news and adds to Bitcoin legitimacy.': 9, 'ok, dad.': 3, 'In what KYC/AML shit protect me against hacks ?': 5, 'I have no idea. \n\n': 2, 'Best part: they now offer BTC/EUR trading pair!': 16, "Yes because it's much smarter and safer to trade and hold hundreds or thousands of bitcoins on a unregulated and unlicensed exchange. Right? ": 7, 'Their DoS protection is idiotic. They occasionally redirect my scripts to a captcha during API access.': 5, 'We can talk about ideology all we want but it does make a real world difference.  "Legitimacy" is based on perception and in the eyes of the average consumer/investor this will change Bitcoin\'s image.  There is no denying that government approval, no matter how illegitimate, influences buyers.  It doesn\'t matter that I think their "legitimacy" is crap and should only ever be typed with quotations, because a large number of people do not think the way I do.': 9, "We have to raise the standards. We are talking about a 7 billion dollar industry. This is not a fucking basement neckbeard card trading gig. \n\nYou want more MtGoxs and Cryptsys? \n\nIf they handle and hold peoples' money they must comply with relevant auditing and regulation. \n\nYou want to buy annonymous? Meet a guy in person.\n\nNo big money will go in bitcoin until they are certain the platform they are using is legit. \n\n\nCrypto exchanges (no fiat) can be less strict. ": 1, 'We only have to use it if we want to use centralized currency like USD. If you use Bitcoin, you can be your own Bank.': 3, 'lol.': 4, "I use Gemini.\nBut I dont HAVE to use Gemini.\nThat's the point.": 3, "I'm assuming English isn't their first language, but you still receive the license at the national level, but you can exercise it internationally.": 5, 'I question the influence of the consumers whose perception you refer to. Those are the late comers, the followers. By the time they will understand that bitcoin is the new money its value will have gone up greatly due to other more fundamental factors such as the deterioration of fiat through central banking.': 2, '> **What else is new?**\n\n>Bitstamp has simultaneously launched BTC/EUR trading to better serve European markets. We are also offering free trading in BTC/EUR for our loyal clients for the next month (until end of May).\n\nI think this is the big news here :)\n\nMaybe we finally have a EUR exchange with some volume which is based in Europe.': 1, 'Do you worry about losing your money on NYSE or TSX or whatever?\nThey mist prove their reserves and be insured. ': -1, 'They are a marketplace "only". Which means the trading users have to do banktransfers or the like to pay each other, bitcoin.de doesn\'t hold fiat for their customers. Their cooperation with the fidor bank made that process instanty, when both users have fidor bankaccounts.': 1, 'Exactly.  Check out Gemini for an example of the benefit institutional investors make on an exchange.': 1, "That's not what I meant, just getting people to see it as legitimate by diluting and changing what makes it good is a huge cost. This isn't ideology or whether I think government regs are legitimate or not, this is about the fundamental reason for bitcoin as a currency - inclusive and unmanipulated. Regulating the fiat gateway tightly reduces these benefits. Regulation is also why so many are scammed, it domesticates and removes necesary skepticism, and legitimises institutional fraud": 3, 'With that kind of opinion I am glad that things like Confidential Transactions exist ! ': 2, 'One possible good thing about this, is that maybe Bitstamp will be able to give nominal IBAN to all its users.\n\nSo, they will be able to receive/send from/to all bank accounts in EU.\n\nNow it is possible only from other accounts with the same name of the Bitstamp account.': 2, 'Bitstamp is an European exchange. Based in Slovenia, Lux and UK.\n\n\nThis licence just makes it less likely your bank will refuse you to do business with Bitstamp. \n\n\nToo many people think Bitstamp and other exchanges like to complicate/freeze your withdrawal process just because they have nothing better to do than to read hatemail. When in reality it is usually your bank (or some intermediary) that fucks up the process.': 11, 'Hate on KYC and compliance all you want, but in terms of allowing large institutional investors to allocate into Bitcoin this is great news.': 55, "[**@pierregramegna**](https://twitter.com/pierregramegna/)\r\n\r\n> [2016-04-25 10:56 UTC](https://twitter.com/pierregramegna/status/724552769915523072)\r\n\r\n> Glad to sign the payment institution license for @bitstamp, the latest addition to \\#Luxembourg's  \\#fintech ecosystem \n\n>[[Attached pic]](http://pbs.twimg.com/media/Cg4g5WwW4AA5UIt.jpg) [[Imgur rehost]](http://i.imgur.com/BPiRz2T.jpg)\r\n\r\n----\r\n\r\n^This ^message ^was ^created ^by ^a ^bot\r\n\r\n[^[Contact ^creator]](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=jasie3k&amp;subject=TweetsInCommentsBot)[^[Source ^code]](https://github.com/janpetryk/reddit-bot)\r\n": 5, "This isn't regulation, it's compliance.\n\nThis development hasn't changed how Bitcoin functions, it has just expanded the areas in which Bitcoin can operate.": 2, 'This further legitimizes Bitcoin!': 1, 'another example of U.S. lagging behind Europe': 0, '> They mist prove their reserves and be insured. \n\nLike Gold ETF with 300/1 paper to physical ratio ?': 2}, ('PSA: Stay away from POLONIEX.COM They keep your funds, when you need them the most at the withdrawal. 5th day pending after following their confirm link at email for withdrawal. They keep your funds for their benefit like its their while you starving to death and lose faith in getting money back.', 4): {'anybody else is having a issues?': 4, 'Holy hyperbole.  ': 1, "Yes, this is true. I have same problems withdrawing my money with ID verified and kicking support every several hours. Takes days to make any withdrawal. And when you complain in chatbox they just ban you. They use any possible reasons not to make withdrawals. They ask to link some other accounts (I don't have other accounts). Looks like they will have the same fate as Cryptsy or Gox.": 1, "I don't trust Poloniex.\n\nI mean, what do you really know about them? Their public address is just a small building in the middle of nowhere with a drop box. They have no phone #'s. They have no information anywhere about any of their employees. Their CEO, do you have any idea who this even is? They are even hosted by a shady firm that advertises the fact that they can't be traced in any way.\n\nMeanwhile, they have everything on you. (if you trade with any volume) Name, address, phone #, social security #, photo ID, etc.\n\nThey have everything on you. You have nothing on them.\n\nYes, they have been honest and trustworthy so far. But if they ever decided to change this, there is absolutely nothing you could do about it. They could disappear with all your funds, and then turn around and commit wide scale identity theft against you.\n\nThe same people complaining that banks have too much power over you are using services like this. Irony.\n": 1, "it's not. just a way to rationalize when pleboids can't figure out their own issues @_@": 0, 'Their website is lagy but it works, at least for me. And it also opens okeyish from my place in Myanmar. \nBut yes, its quite scary exchange, praise god it wont go down like Gox ;) ': 1, "Anything from the mods or official response on what's going on?\n": 3, 'Sounds like OP is broke and trying to get money faster than approved...': -1, "I had issues once before. Support solved it, it seems to have been a legitimate security concern as I used a VPN that was blacklisted for abuse everywhere.  \nWhat really pisses me off is how their site is down all the time. I checked their DNS, compared to Finex their system is quite lame (they don't even optimize for access from different parts of the world it seems?)": 4, 'Same with fiat in bank accounts.  once it is in their hands, we have provided them with a loan to use the money and it technically no longer belongs to us.  ': 2, 'Hmm, I tried withdrawing my balance from there. Approval email received, but when I click the link, the status of the withdrawal is still "awaiting approval". Sent support ticket.': 3, "Still haven't received my funds :(": 2, "I'm not sure that this justifies warning all people to stay away from Poloniex": 2, "Oh wow, I'm sure no technical issue happened and they are plotting to hold your fraction of a bitcoin hostage for their benefit.  \n\nIf you are fucking STARVING TO DEATH, maybe you should reevaluate your priorities and investment strategy.  Get the fuck out of here. ": 2, "I posted to the trollbox as well, they didn't approve it immediately, but said that it will be looked on within 24 hours. Makes me a bit uncomfortable.": 2, 'On a throwaway acc., but I just withdrew ~9 BTC AND 500+ LTC from polo and both were instantly completed and broadcast to the network once email confirmed': 4, 'i use them them to withdraw a good sum of bitcoins for 3 days in row with no problem , i think you should contact them about your case ': 2, "Don't wait five days to contact support. There's mods in the trollbox who will sort it immediately. \n\nIn what world is a post on r/Bitcoin a better way of getting your funds. For goodness sake ": 8, 'odd, when you confirm through email it comes in "pending" not "awaiting approval" for me. Withdrew 20 btc yesterday.': 0, 'Same thing happened here. They released after support ticket was raised. As Ant says it is not your money until it is in your wallet.': 3}, ('The United States Is Falling Behind in Bitcoin Regulation', 2): {}, ('Mentor Monday, April 25, 2016: Ask all your bitcoin questions!', 4): {'http://bitcoinclock.com\n\nhttp://www.thehalvening.com/': 3, "I know of this site: http://www.bitcoinblockhalf.com/\n\nAre there any other sites that might aide in making a good estimate of the actual halving time? (Gotta plan)\n\nie. If blocks are being found on average 5 minutes, that would mean that for at least the number of blocks up until the next difficulty recalculation would represent half the time as the current estimate.\n\nEdit: Almost forgot about this one: http://bitcoin.sipa.be/\n\nLooks like hashing power has stayed fairly consistent for the past few days... maybe there will be a slight right, which might speed up the countdown a tad... but we'll see.": 3}, ('Cornell Professor Doubts ShapeShift Story', 50): {'I\'m a fan of Shapeshift, however it seems clear to me that it\'s more lucrative to just grab your hot wallets instead of hacking the site to exchange customer funds to a fake address.  \n\nYour security model is a little bit like letting the hackers have the "house" money so they don\'t start taking watches and rings from customers in the building.': 3, 'Who will provide the liquidity for such a contract?': 1, "Wow, you really have ad hominem attacks down! And when those fail, argue against tone! The only strange part in all of this is that your initial post was haughty, snarky, and downright condescending, so you don't get to use those words.\n\nFace it, your story didn't make sense. Attacking the people who are trying to talk some sense into you only digs a deeper hole.\n\n": 6, "Past results do not guarantee future performance.\n\nIf someone can access your system, they can have funds that are sent in sent to themselves rather than you.  They will complain to you, you won't have the funds.": 6, "How dare you be snarky. That's it boys, light the pitchforks and sharpen the torches!": 1, 'The identity doxing that probably occured would have been worth more to the intelligence community than any coin theft.': 1, '[deleted]': -2, 'There are smart contracts that would provide the same benefits and usability as a ShapeShift-style setup if properly executed with sound engineering. Who says you have to trade usability for security? ': 1, '> His track record includes possibly faking SatoshiDice volumes, pump and dumping S.Dice shares with conman Mircea Popescu. Controversies around feedzebirds..\n\nWhen witch-hunting, please provide evidence to make the accusations more interesting. SatoshiDICE volumes were never faked. SDICE shares were not pumped and dumped, they ended their listing more valuable than when they started, and prices rose and fell as all shares of businesses do upon actual business growth and dividend payments. There are not "controversies around feedzebirds."  I raised about $15k in 2011 for that project, and it failed. Lots of stuff fails. \n\n> Voorhees was part of the libertarian trio of Shrem, Ver, Voorhees that contributed to a near total take over of bitcoin discussion and pushing a certain anarchist/libertarian agenda. \n\n... is that you, Milly Bitcoin?  My sinister agenda of leaving people alone will come to pass, as long as people like you stay out of my way!': 1, '>Hacked 3 times\n\n>200k+ stolen\n\n>"Our model worked"\n\nNo actually. In order to process withdrawals your exchange needs to have access to a certain amount of coins on an Internet-facing server to process the volume. Those coins by definition aren\'t secure since the exchange needs to keep ECDSA private keys around on the server to sign new outgoing transactions (which anyone can then steal if the servers are hacked.) This is obviously much less secure than the alternative that I and others have proposed.\n\nIn this case -- you claim that no customer\'s funds were lost so your model \xe2\x80\x9cworks\xe2\x80\x9d - but that is honestly quite a misleading statement. You acknowledge funds were stolen, putting aside how much was recovered from other exchanges -- absorbing the internal loss for a hack so that the customer doesn\'t have to pay doesn\'t change the fact that funds were stolen (and that your security model is flawed.)\n\nIn fact, even if you never get hacked again in the future -- it still doesn\'t change the fact that you\'re using a needlessly broken security model that only exists because of your own incompetence, laziness, and corporate greed to implement anything better.\n\nEdit: just realized something even scarier about ShapeShift. The evidence seems to point to a design where you have a huge amount of float in a number of wallets so that transactions don\'t need to clear prior to matching them for someone else. This would imply an even larger risk for hot wallets since you\'re not strictly matching customer\'s funds but floating the volume with your own money. That would be the reason why "no customer funds were lost" -- you lost your own float / money! I don\'t know why, but I always assumed the liquidity algorithm was more sophisticated.\n\nAnyway, you don\'t know what the hell you\'re doing. Fuck this shit, I\'m out.': 6, "10% of his article was in a paragraph about how this could be a market ploy only to say this at the very end of that paragraph:\n\n> Yet, despite all these signs, I don't think what happened was just a cynical marketing ploy.\n\nand then saying:\n\n> Let's also be clear that I'm not claiming the story to be false.\n\nIndeed a waste of time.\n": 1, ">  Red Flag 3..\n\nThis actually made sense to me immediately when I read your version of events.   Bob wanted to have another hacker involved as a plausible cover.   He seems to have fumbled badly in executing that plan, but I suspect it was his main reason for selling the credentials.   He never guessed Rovion would get in touch with you.   \n\nThis also explains #4 ...  he'd want to make sure Rovion took the deal and went through with the hack.    Plus it might mean he didn't have to offer much proof of his ability and willingness to deliver.\n\nI think Emin's analysis could have been interesting food for thought.  Nobody should take things at face value.   But he does go WAY too far into the weeds on pure speculation for his own theories to be credible.   Viral marketing?   C'mon.    There's no way in hell this was positive for Shapeshift.   Being down at a point in time when there was a lot of BTC/ETH trading going?    And I personally have a project that I am strongly reconsidering using the shapeshift API for as it reminded my why I don't like relying on external parties.    100% this hack lost money, and opportunity for Shapeshift. \n\nCritizing /u/evoorhees on lack of humility is also insane.   He's gone with err on the side of full transparency beyond what might even be good strategy.  ": 2, 'Spot on. What guys like voorhees do is make sure their morality conforms to their actions, not the other way around. This is exactly the type of thinking that has plagued this ecosystem from day 1. ': 1, '\n    Red Flag #2. Rovion identifies Bob by his real life name "Bob," without a moment of hesitation.\n\nThats because Rovion had access to their network! For weeks, months! He knew everyone\'s usernames and with a username you can usually tell the person\'s last name. \n': -1, "Investor funds were, though.  If you wanted to embezzle investor money, that would be a good way to do it.  Or it's a sham done for PR.": 10, "If you steal from yourself and a few other folks, it's still a net positive for you (since whatever you steal from yourself you obviously keep, and get to keep other's investments as well). I'm not accusing, but I don't see how saying that you're the biggest investor is a logical counter argument to the accusation that you may have pulled off the heist yourself to embezzle investor funds.": 8, 'Appreciate the transparency Erik!': 5, '> Rovion seems to have communicated with Bob exclusively using the m0money address.\n\nYou\'re just making that up, no evidence that that was the only way they communicated.\n\n> If Rovion had penetrated Bob\'s desktop\n\nAgain, no evidence that happened.\n\n>  It works by carefully checking every detail.\n\nThanks for the helpful information. I wonder if you\'ve discovered any of the flaws in "the professor\'s" article or if you\'re only directing your haughty self-righteousness my way?\n\n> So you gave your robber significant amounts of cash, in return for a story\n\nMaybe you don\'t know what "exchange" means? We traded, at market rate, ETH for BTC.\n\n> I don\'t know, your account involving the guy\'s race rubbed me the wrong way as well. Why mention it at all? The professor is right in that you clearly spent some time on this issue.\n\nSounds like everything we do "rubs you the wrong way." Why mention the race issue? Because that was Bob\'s primary defense/retort/accusation when we confronted him with the evidence, and I wanted to document that as a fact of the case. When a police report later showed he was actually white, I found it humorous and mildly interesting given Bob\'s fascination with the race issue, and so I added it to the story. By "clearly spent some time on the issue"... from where do you get that impression? I think you and the professor are spending time on that issue, and I\'m not sure why.\n\n> You deserve that snark, and far more, for believing and repeating a cockamamie story.\n\nWhy is the story cockamamie? I\'m not "believing and repeating" anything. I\'ve been living through it for the past month so I decided to write it up and convey it to the community, both because it was interesting, and because it might help others. \n\n> You were schooled by the professor in computer security.\n\nHmmm did you actually read his article? It was light on anything technical, and heavy on snarky rhetorical language more befitting of a Buzzfeed contributor than a university professor. If he actually has any technical contributions to make, I\'ve welcomed him to talk directly with me or Michael Perklin of Ledger Labs. He has not once reached out to clarify or discuss any detail. \n\n> You have to carefully check every detail. You need to be skeptical about all hearsay. \n\nI appreciate the sage advice. \n\n> Can\'t wait to see the next hack!\n\nThat speaks volumes about your character, anonymous internet person. \n\n\n': 2, "I'm not saying you did or its even remotely likely, but unless you were the sole investor, this would still be a plausible way to steal from the minority investors.": 6, 'I see it. ': 3, 'Why do we have the "Cornell Professor ..." clickbait/appeal-to-authority in the headline?\n': 4, "> in order to process withdrawals...\n\nShapeShift does not process withdrawals. Users can't even request withdrawals. \n\nI'm all for asking questions to seek clarity on a few unclear points - especially when (as was stated up-front) some details were purposely removed for security reasons - but you should stick to asking questions rather than imagining how ShapeShift works under the hood. \n\n> I'm out\n\nIf your imagination lead you to this conclusion, who are we to hold you back? If you ever decide to look at facts instead, they're right here on the floor where you left them. ": 4, '>Eric Voorhees is one of the shadiest individuals in the bitcoin space.\n\nThat is one ridiculous statement and luckily everyone with a history here knows it.\n\n>His track record includes possibly faking SatoshiDice volumes, pump and dumping S.Dice shares with conman Mircea Popescu. Controversies around feedzebirds..\n\nProof or GTFO.\n\n>Voorhees was part of the libertarian trio of Shrem, Ver, Voorhees that contributed to a near total take over of bitcoin discussion\n\nIf three guys can do that, bitcoin doesn\'t deserve to exist. Of course we all know they can\'t.\n\n>pushing a certain anarchist/libertarian agenda.\n\nYes, the horrible "don\'t use aggression against peacefully acting individuals".  Those monsters! Somebody think of the children!': 6, 'It only reduces taxes if the company is profitable. We are getting there but not quite profitable yet. ': 1, '"Bob" found a hacker in the system. Bob gave "access" to hacker to steal. Bob stold bitcoins because he already setup Rovion to take all the blame only problem is, Rovion did not start stealing immediately so Bob started stealing too early. Rovion gladly gave up Bob because he realise that he got setup to take all the blame.': 1, 'nah, /u/millybitcoin has actually been around today spewing the normal drivel.': 5, "It is odd that you can't tell if he's white or not": 1, 'Eric Voorhees is one of the shadiest individuals in the bitcoin space.\n\nHis track record includes possibly faking SatoshiDice volumes, pump and dumping S.Dice shares with conman Mircea Popescu. Controversies around feedzebirds..\n\nVoorhees was part of the libertarian trio of Shrem, Ver, Voorhees that contributed to a near total take over of bitcoin discussion and pushing a certain anarchist/libertarian agenda. The results have been overwhelmingly negative for anyone involved with crypto. Shrem has since been jailed while Voorhees and Ver fled to islands.': -3, "His area of focus is on cryptocurrencies.  It's relevant.": 2, 'edit: deleted cause I was being snarky': -1, 'They were stolen, but ShapeShift compensated them out of their reserves. It is not different from what happened to BitStamp modulo marketing': 1, "I'm the biggest investor... sooo I'd be stealing from myself.": 0, 'I was using withdrawal as an analogy but excellent attempt at a character assassination. Are you by any chance a shill for ShapeShift come to show everyone how "secure" it is? Yes, I think we have a winner over here folks!\n\nIn answer to your misleading remarks: I quite clearly stated the only possible way that ShapeShift could work based on providing instant withdrawals and settlement. If you imagine a regular exchange for trading coins, normally it works like this:\n\n1. Both sides deposit their coins.\n\n2. They place compatible trades.\n\n3. The exchange matches their trades.\n\n4. They withdraw.\n\nBut since ShapeShift provides instant settlement regardless of liquidity for other pairs it implies that trades aren\'t matched strictly based on other user\'s deposits (and in fact this is the best way to scale the service up.) In other words -- ShapeShift isn\'t actually a currency exchange -- it\'s more like a broker.\n\nHere\'s how Shapeshift actually works under the hood:\n\n1. ShapeShift has a number of assets stored in hot wallets.\n\n2. A user sends a base currency to an address associated with a given trade.\n\n3. ShapeShift waits for N confirmations (maybe N is based on size of money so smaller payments have less of a wait as they have reduced risk when considering double-spends.)\n\n4. After N confirmations -- ShapeShift sends back the quote currency -from its own money- NOT another users "deposit."\n\n5. The user receives the quote currency. From the perspective of the user -- they just magically exchanged one currency for another with very little wait time (this is similar to TransferWise style routing so nothing new here.) When you think about it - this is in fact the only possible way ShapeShift could operate how they do otherwise during periods of low liquidity users would have to wait for their trades to match against other users funds and since that\'s not the case - I can logically deduce ShapeShift is acting as a broker.\n\nThis means that by inference -- ShapeShift needs to keep around a huge amount of assets in their hot wallets to match future expected volume -in addiction- to the pending / clearing funds that their users "deposit." Hence why I said the risk for this is actually higher than if they waited for deposits to clear so they could be matched against other users. Because now: not only are they risking the user\'s funds for clearing (which may be in cold storage \xe2\x80\x93 I guess that\'s one way to do that) but they\'re also risking their float.\n\nPlease explain how else ShapeShift could operate while retaining the same benefits? I\'d love for you to show everyone how any of this is in my imagination.': 6, 'Don\'t underestimate \'bro talk\' from Vorhees. The man\'s been a uniter in the community for a long time. I wouldn\'t doubt there were other things not said publicly. E.g. \'We\'ll award you a bounty AND won\'t prosecute/come after you"\n\nThanks for sharing the view from the Ivory Tower. Still not impressed by academia and Bitcoin efforts. Academia has been dominated by US Gov 3 letter orgs for a long, long time anyway': 0, "It depends on what kind of exchange you want to build. Existing contracts wouldn't (easily) fit the liquidity requirements but when you think about it: ShapeShift is basically just acting as a poor mans hub in a bi-directional micro-payment channel scheme only without any of the cryptography to protect the money.\n\nIf we assume that the Lightning network will be successful then this problem is easily solved by future wallets with cross-blockchain payment hubs.": 1, "I thought this was kinda obvious when Shape Shift started.  There was no other way to do this other than to have large amounts of all the coins, and seeing as it was Erik, it was fine because his rich..  I assumed though that the wallets where somehow more secure such as users deposits going into cold storage... 'exchanged' currency coming out of hot wallets and then an algorithm controlling the floats from cold to hot the whole time while trading on other markets to keep balance.  \n\nMy believe is because Erik is who he is (VC, business minded) created shapeshift as a MVP (which he admits recently).. So he probably did the numbers and knew the risk/reward and ROI before all the hot wallets would be covered.  Who knows. He could still be in the green depending on how well he did on the margins and when they where buying certain coins etc..   The only difference here is he had the cash to scale up extremely quickly because of his big pockets..  And if this was done by anyone else it probably would have just been hacked before they could have grown the floats. \n\nIt was also convenient exchange for so many people.  So don't under estimate that.  For users it really was low risk as you would get your coins exchanged quickly with little risk of keeping coin on an exchange.  \n\nSo... If I was you I would finish your decentralized version of shapeshift.  (I would love to help you do the front end UI) and just run it..  Erik will most likely make you an offer of a few mill for the tech and or Shapeshift will carry on getting hacked and leveraging money while you slowly grow and make a profit.  IT is not that hard to advertise this type of thing.. I believe shapeshifts traffic mainly came from ads on coinmarketcap and the likes for some time. ": 2, 'Only a matter of time before "Cornell Professor" ceases to be a credibility marker (naturally he does not use "Cornell Associate Professor", the title on his professional page).\n\nNot a specific attack on Cornell. Beautiful campus, smart people. It\'s just that we live in a world where YouTube offers better educational material than any university, regardless of that university\'s age, cost, endowment, or perceived prestige. \n\nBut those on the lower rungs of the ivory tower can\'t see it.': 0, '> ... is that you, Milly Bitcoin?\n\nlol!': 1, 'I agree.': 3, "Hadn't seen this story before:\n\n>The thought that the whole dramatic story could have been made up for publicity did cross my mind. Who here remembers the story of a bank called X.com? It was a tiny, little-known online bank, until it was hacked and covered in the mainstream press during the first dot-com boom. Its popularity absolutely soared after the hack. I actually had an account on X.com, but if you didn't and never heard of it, you may perhaps have heard of X.com's founder, a fellow who goes by the name of Elon Musk. ...\n\nIn the end, the author dismisses this hypothesis, but it's not clear why:\n\n> Yet, despite all these signs, I don't think what happened was just a cynical marketing ploy.": 4, "duh. it's a good way to keep the company not profitable, thus no taxes to be paid. that's what i'm exposing.": 2, 'What\'s depressing to me is that we\'ve had the technology to do trustless cryptocurrency exchange since 2013 and nobody cared. I even wrote a working prototype for trading most cryptocurrencies with micro-payment channels without the need for a third-party but it never gained even the slightest amount of traction. I probably would have worked on it long enough to make it as user-friendly as ShapeShift if anyone gave the slightest damn about having a secure alternative but since a company like ShapeShift can just claim that they\'re secure and everyone believes them - I honestly have no incentive to work on this.\n\nWhat I find amusing about this is that even after this company was hacked literally 3 times people are still praising them for their "transparency" and "hard work" rather than asking the hard question of whether this is the right security model to be using for cryptocurrencies. You people are honestly everything that\'s wrong with the Bitcoin space at the moment because you all believe everything that\'s put in front you by companies without question and then pay them for it - which is honestly the exact the same mentality that lead to the development of a flawed, centralized banking system that\'s exploited its unthinking customers for centuries.\n\nCan I ask what incentive a company has to be secure if they can just claim to be secure right up until the point of being hacked and straight after it happens - just concoct some elaborate story stating they\'ve "addressed" the issue and you all buy it (literally)? You\'ve all put money down on the table to make this happen and so long as you keep doing that -- companies like ShapeShift are going to continue to get away with releasing sub-par products since its already been market-validated that customers will pay for it. Why not get rich from releasing crap if its faster and easier than the alternative and people are guaranteed not to notice it? \n\nHow many more companies in the Bitcoin space need to exist before you all realize that we\'ve essentially just reinstated the same old banking system using Bitcoin as a novel proxy? At this point, I\'m genuinely not sure if there will ever be a proper, venture backed FinTech company (of any kind) that is secure by design (using smart contracts) and isn\'t just a quick grab for cash. We have the technology to convert almost every use of Bitcoin to a trustless smart contract (assuming no external state.) Yet the cycle keeps repeating and all you have to blame here is yourselves.\n\nFeel free to down vote this post all you like ShapeShift. I\'m sure all the millions you have can afford you plenty of shills. I am also sure that enough people are blind enough to believe you. But just know you haven\'t fooled me and Satoshi is coming to clean up every FinTech company. It\'s just a matter of coding the right smart contracts. In the mean time, continue to profit from your \xe2\x80\x9cinnovation\xe2\x80\x9d of using 2-of-3 multi-sig. Absolutely genius invention ShapeShift.': 4, 'I\'ll address Emin G\xc3\xbcn Sirer\'s points (1 through 11, corresponding with his "flags"):\n\n1. According to Rovion, Bob didn\'t reach out to him. He (Rovion) reached out to Bob after learning of the March theft. Rovion claimed they communicated primarily by email, and we provided the email he gave me in the report (m0money@gmail.com)  So Red Flag #1 is resolved.\n\n2. "Why on earth would Bob run a criminal business under his real name?"  This is a great question. First, "Bob" isn\'t his legal name, but is a common name he uses IRL. I don\'t know if the hacker Rovion knows Bob\'s legal name, but we do. Still the point stands: Bob was re-using his common pseudonym both in legitimate and criminal matters (working for ShapeShift, and stealing/selling secrets). Here\'s a fun tidbit we haven\'t publicized yet... Bob had a seller\'s profile on a certain darknet market (Nucleus) and comments there stopped right after March 14th (the day of the first hack). It was easy for us to find. The answer to Red Flag #2 is: yes Bob is basically that stupid. \n\n3. Red Flag 3 is a good question. My theory is that Bob was on the run after, and knew all eyes were on him. He had already failed once to steal without being caught, and probably felt stealing again would further seal his fate, so he thought he\'d sell the valuable info online and nobody would know it came from him. Is that a stupid thing for him to assume? Yeah. I don\'t know how else to explain it.\n\n4. Red Flag 4... Emin thinks the price paid was not enough. There of course is no guarantee that Rovion told us the accurate amount, but paying someone $20k for information which may, or may not, be valuable tomorrow seems like a reasonable price.\n\n5. Not quite sure what Emin means regarding Red Flag 5. My guess is that Rovion had some kind of assurance that the info was valid, maybe he was able to test it? \n\n6. Maybe Emin didn\'t read the report very well. Rovion didn\'t get "just 2 BTC" for the info he provided. My first chat with him, I paid 2 BTC and got some very vague info. The second chat, Rovion came to me, because he wanted to exchange his ETH for BTC, since his ETH was getting frozen at exchanges. This exchange was likely quite valuable for Rovion (worth far more than 2 BTC), and it was for this exchange that we got the bulk of the valuable specifics. I also think Emin is just being snarky as opposed to factually analytical, saying "And that mark seems all too willing to believe any offered explanation, no matter the source."  <-- Where does that come from? We have been skeptical of all leads and information. We believe Rovion\'s story (much of it, at least), because it fits the facts that we ourselves uncovered in our investigation. Obviously we took everything told to us by a thief with grain of salt.\n\n7. Remember that Bob was our sysadmin. He didn\'t think we\'d catch him when he stole funds on March 14th. We had help from some resources which he was not aware of, and his plan went to hell. The backdoor definitely indicates malicious forethought, but Bob also seems to be an idiot. Even after getting caught redhanded and being given an opportunity to return the property and walk away, he decided instead to dig his hole deeper.\n\n8. "Voorhees et al. spend their time in between hacks tracking down whether Bob is white."  Nonsense. Emin is grasping for snarky readership here; I thought a Cornell professor would have more grace.  The investigator showed us a police report on Bob, and that report mentioned he was white. We didn\'t "spend our time tracking it down" as Emin pretends for narrative effect. \n\n9. Orange Flag #9 - Emin is right that we (management) failed to notice Bob\'s incompetence earlier. We have no excuse for that; other than being busy with a million things.\n\n10. More snarkiness from Emin. Yes we should\'ve uncovered that earlier. \n\n11. And yet more snarkiness from Emin. I offered one "protip" in my report, and I did so because it has helped me in the past, and it may help others. The natural response when dealing with a hacker is to be angry, threatening, etc. That, in my experience, doesn\'t help. \n\nNow, none of this means that the "complete story is known." Indeed, there are details we\'d still like to know. We don\'t claim to understand every important aspect. But, the above should address Emin\'s points sufficiently. \n\nIf Emin is concerned with factual accuracy and investigative journalism, he\'s welcome to contact me directly (skype: evoorhees) or Michael Perklin at Ledger Labs (our security auditor who prepared the technical post mortem).  \n\n\n': 27, "And then there's that whole Camp Crystal Lake fiasco, that just kept happening! Oh wait, that's not him, and it's fiction just like yours.": 4, 'System compromised three times including once by a direct insider and zero dollars in customer funds lost. Show me an exchange with a better record. ': 2, 'Waste of read! All of those "red flags" are no issues really and most can be explained and some we may never know but doesn\'t mean it\'s a red flag. \n\nTotal BS article. I want my 5 minute back. VTFD ': 0, 'Even if, why does it matter? Customer funds were not stolen.': 1, "Why, exactly? It's like he doesn't have anything else in his CV that lends credibility.": 1, "How about now? Sometimes it's just a caching issue.": 1, '> According to Rovion, Bob didn\'t reach out to him. He (Rovion) reached out to Bob after learning of the March theft. Rovion claimed they communicated primarily by email, and we provided the email he gave me in the report (m0money@gmail.com) So Red Flag #1 is resolved.\n\nNot at all. Rovion seems to have communicated with Bob exclusively using the m0money address. How did Rovion discover this address and know to reach out to Bob there? \n\nIf Rovion had penetrated Bob\'s desktop to the point of knowing his secret email address, why would he not already have obtained Bob\'s keys to carry out the hack?\n\nI\'ll mark this one as still outstanding.\n\n>The answer to Red Flag #2 is: yes Bob is basically that stupid.\n\n\nIf we assume that the initial flag is resolved, there\'s a bigger and more disconcerting question to be answered next: how did you end up losing money to someone that stupid?\n\nMarking this one unresolved.\n\n> Red Flag 3 is a good question. ... I don\'t know how else to explain it.\n\nOk, unexplained.\n\n> Red Flag 4... Emin thinks the price paid was not enough. There of course is no guarantee that Rovion told us the accurate amount, but paying someone $20k for information which may, or may not, be valuable tomorrow seems like a reasonable price.\n\nUnexplained.\n\n> Not quite sure what Emin means regarding Red Flag 5. My guess is that Rovion had some kind of assurance that the info was valid, maybe he was able to test it?\n\nYour guess? Do you not understand what the professor is telling you? \n\nComputer security doesn\'t work through guesses and gut calls. It works by carefully checking every detail. \n\nMarking it unresolved.\n\n> Rovion didn\'t get "just 2 BTC" for the info he provided. My first chat with him, I paid 2 BTC and got some very vague info. The second chat, Rovion came to me, because he wanted to exchange his ETH for BTC, since his ETH was getting frozen at exchanges. This exchange was likely quite valuable for Rovion (worth far more than 2 BTC), and it was for this exchange that we got the bulk of the valuable specifics.\n\nSo you gave your robber significant amounts of cash, in return for a story that you did not bother to check out? Isn\'t that what the professor said?\n\n\n> "Voorhees et al. spend their time in between hacks tracking down whether Bob is white." Nonsense.\n\nI don\'t know, your account involving the guy\'s race rubbed me the wrong way as well. Why mention it at all? The professor is right in that you clearly spent some time on this issue.\n\n> Orange Flag #9 - Emin is right that we (management) failed to notice Bob\'s incompetence earlier. We have no excuse for that; other than being busy with a million things.\n\nOk. I can understand this. \n\n>snarkiness \n\nYou know what? You deserve that snark, and far more, for believing and repeating a cockamamie story.\n\nYou were schooled by the professor in computer security. In that field, you cannot make any assumptions or fill any gaps based on gut feelings. You have to carefully check every detail. You need to be skeptical about all hearsay. Especially when that hearsay is coming from your attacker.\n\nInstead, your whole account was one long juicy story. Sure, things may have happened that way. Or they may have happened in myriad other ways. The bottom line is you just don\'t know. And now your ego is tied up in it, so you\'ll continue to stick to this dumb story at the expense of your site\'s security.\n\nCan\'t wait to see the next hack!\n': 5, "We thought we could, then he yells that we're racist, then we're confused, and then we see police report saying he's white. Add it to the litany of his lies I guess?": 1, 'Emin G\xc3\xbcn Sirer is bitcoins boy who cried wolf\n': 0, "Don't see how it's a micropayment channel - everything is on-chain.\n\nShapeShift isn't an exchange, it's just a retailer that's selling inventory (and buying it themselves). It's the equivalent of a currency changer at an airport.\n\nErik certainly is underestimate the risk to users (user funds are not at risk!).  There's always risk that ShapeShift is simply unable to pay out to funds sent to them at any point.  But they reduced one level of risk by not holding customer funds any longer than needed, which is still a bit better.\n\nWhen there is unsure demand, you build the simplest model possible, then if it's proven, you can enhance it.  There was no reason to know if this would even be something useful, and if it warranted building a fully secure system.  So build a less secure version, see if demand is there, and improve upon it (or pave the way for someone else to).  \n\nLN doesn't make it any easier, but could lower fees.": 1, 'lol /u/changetip 1 beer': 2, 'You are such a troll.  the issues is not about your fantasy agenda being "sinister."  The issue if that you lie about Bitcoin when you think it will advance your fantasy.  Nothing you say will "come to pass" or have anything to do with reality in this universe.  lol': 2, 'What identities?': 2, 'No customer funds lost. Yell all you like, our model worked. ': 1, "These guys call themselves libertarians but I don't think it's fair to use the term as a derogatory because these guys are bad: you are attacking a group and a concept by singling out bad members. \n\nThey are also Bitcoiners, it doesn't mean they represent me. \n\nPersonally I think that these guys are victims of their own avarice, and they have a philosophy of individualism that is so extreme that it makes them anti-social. They hold a firm belief that victimizing others is acceptable and desirable. A Nietzschean worldview that lions must eat the sheep and people who are dumb enough to be conned should share the destiny of the sheep. When that pushes towards fraud and theft, they don't see the line there": 2, '"Agenda Troll" has been a favorite lately.': 1, "...and that's a great way to not pay taxes but write it off as stolen :) i'm not hating on you, i'm pointing out the other side of the coin (since it is present)": 6, 'Wow, thank you!': 1, 'The important takeway from this is that ShapeShift definitely isn\'t the "safest asset exchange on Earth".\n\nTrustless exchange based on cryptography **is** possible, and some proof-of-concept implementations exist, e.g. [Mercury](http://mercuryex.com/). Sadly they don\'t get much attention unlike creations of marketing geniuses like Voorhees. ': 6, "Anytime you see the words 'anarchist' or 'libertarian' followed by 'agenda' or something similar, there is a better than 50% chance that it's millybitcoin.": 1, 'this is the best point. but at the same time, it matters because it could be a form of embezzling money from the company.': 5, 'I\'m just going to do one... kay?? Aint got time to spoon feed you shit!\n\n>Red Flag #2. Rovion identifies Bob by his real life name "Bob," without a moment of hesitation.\n\nThats because Rovion had access to their network! For weeks, months! Have you worked at a place where they use computers??? okay.... let me help you. You get a username, to login to shit! that username is usually your first letter of your first name, and your last name! So, if your name was Abdul Retardberg, your username would be aretardberg. sometimes you only get 7 characters, so you\'d be aretard \n\n': 0, 'Word. He bumbles so many simple statements in the report that it makes me think he just skimmed it before writing his stupid response.': 1, "Doesn't really seem like anything in the post is an accusation though, merely an Occam's Razor breakdown of why the events are unlikely, and probably not fully fleshed out to the truth yet. ": 5, 'Is there a source for the X.com hack?  I had not heard of this and the author says it was all over the news and propelled them to success?\n\nI did some brief searching and mostly just turned up this article...was this a real thing?': 1, "There's a tradeoff between security and usability.  As a user, you can manage your risk with something like this by only trading small amounts at a time.  That mitigation easily limits your risk, and you have the convenience of not having to wait for an order to be ready.  That small downside of risk is the price people pay for that convenience.  Those who want ultimate security for large trades can set up atomic swaps with trading partners with real security.\n\nAs for someone investing in ShapeShift, it's pretty clear it was amateur hour and they didn't protect funds well.  But I'm not recommending anyone invest in such companies.": 1, "> If you wanted to embezzle investor money, that would be a good way to do it.\n\nThis is what I thought the article was trying to say but never directly said it.\n\n> Or it's a sham done for PR.\n\nAuthor of the article mentions it but doesn't believe this.\n\nYou should have written the article it would have been a quicker read.": 3, '**Cornell Professor Fails Reading Comprehension Test of ShapeShift Story**\n\nThere, fixed your title for ya!': 5, '*db2* received a tip for 1 beer (7,505 bits/$3.50).\n\n\n\n\n--\n\n[^^what ^^is ^^ChangeTip?](https://www.reddit.com/r/changetip/wiki/tipping-on-reddit)': 1, 'Most people will trade security for a bit of convenience.': 5, "Because it's relevant.": 2, '> can be explained\n\nOffers no explanation...': 10, "That's why we're changing and making it better. ": 1}, ('Bitcoin Price Moves Forward: $457 and Rising', 0): {'And also within that time less than a week after i cashed out my simple ira the market hit its first ever double /  triple loss.. Feel triple digits two days in a row! So it was perfect timing :) If i didnt take out the money in my simple IRA it would have been cut in half! Thanks Bitcoin And BitcoinRyan for pushing me to it and helping me help myself!': 1, 'Yes it was a really interesting weekend and price escalated so quickly. ': 2, 'Very cool to think that when i started bitcoin 8-1-15 about a month after the price dropped to 220.00 then shortly rebounded to 500.00 and within that tim i got to empty my Simple IRA and get a good amount of bitcoin for around 300.00 .. I never seen money grow so fast.. 300.00 to 500.00 really quick.. Needless to say i am know hooked to bitcoin for life. I love it so much! #BitLife4Life ': 1}, ('Bitcoin Price Analysis: 4/25/2016', 0): {'You can tell which way the price is headed by whether they put a bull or bear on their cover. Not so much prediction as subliminal influence...': 1, 'Price is heading up...': 1, 'Bitcoin price analtsis....': 1}, ('Bangladesh Bank Hackers Created Malware to Target International Payment Systems', 0): {'Well it will be great if they achieved their manner. ': 1}, ('To the mods r/bitcoin, and especially Theymos, from the deepest place in my heart, thank-you.', 0): {"Bummer, the crazies that burn twice as bright seem to last half as long. And you have burned so very brightly. I'll miss your ramblings\n\n/u/changetip 1 day of reddit gold": 0, '*pokertravis* received a tip for 1 day of reddit gold (286 bits/$0.13).\n\n\n\n\n--\n\n[^^what ^^is ^^ChangeTip?](https://www.reddit.com/r/changetip/wiki/tipping-on-reddit)': 1, "Miners will approve changes to the protocol if and only if they believe it will make them more profitable. What makes the more profitable primarily  is increasing the value of Bitcoin in the near term. Core doesn't vote on bips, they just publish them for voting. There is no problem even if Core has it wrong. If you have proof then write a better bip that clearly improves the value of Bitcoin.": 0}, ('Bitcoin Tax Attorney here. I am around for discussion or questions related to Bitcoin Tax treatment, including tax planning opportunities for businesses and individuals.', 65): {'That is correct under the rules of Bitcoin being property.  If was defined under the foreign currency rules then the rules would be different.': 0, '#FuckTheIRS': 5, "That's all fine and dandy, but help me overstand your perfect perspective. I actually agree with some of your main message, I just want to know where you source your information so that us 'sheeple' aren't left in the dark. ": 0, 'Government still needs to run.  Most of the upper economy is run on capital gains and thus the most tax money.': 0, "Where do you get these 'facts'? I understand your sentiment towards corruption and wasted resources, but in all likelihood most of what you just said is plain wrong. Nevertheless, nice enthusiasm.": 0, "I enjoyed reading your post. I also think that Bitcoin should be treated as currency rather than property. The hassle of calculating capital gains is pretty much the only thing that's keeping me from spending Bitcoin at the moment. \n\nI have a few questions:\n\n1. If the tax ruling changes to treat Bitcoin as currency, would there be no taxes if it is used to directly purchase goods, even if the price of Bitcoin has gone up significantly from the time you acquired it?\n\n2. How likely do you think it is that the tax ruling will be changed? \n\n3. Anything Bitcoiners can do to support such a change? ": 6, "It's easy to look up the value of a Bitcoin when you exchange it for something else. You need to be consistent though, you can't pick the most favorable exchange for each transaction, if you're trading your bitcoins for items (transacting with them). \n\nLikewise, no, you can't take an inflation deduction. Since everything is in the same currency, it doesn't matter. \n\nEx:\n\nYear one, you earn $50,000. 20% tax is due. You owe $10,000\n\nYear two, there has been 5% inflation. You earned $50,000 which is now worth less. You owe 20%, or $10,000, which is also worth less as an expense.\n\nThey wash eachother out. ": 1, "'Murrcans just assume everyone who speaks English is from 'Murrca. ": 1, "> Ex:\n> Year one, you earn $50,000. 20% tax is due. You owe $10,000\n> Year two, there has been 5% inflation. You earned $50,000 which is now worth less. You owe 20%, or $10,000, which is also worth less as an expense.\n> They wash eachother out.\n\nEarn $50k. Spend on rent and food and tax and savings.\n\nNext earn $50k. Spend on rent (price increased), food (price increased), tax (stayed static percent), savings (decreased because currency devalued).\n\nIt's not the same.  They do not wash each other out.": 1, 'Hah... that confusion sentiment is wide spread!  - the value (in this case USD) of your local currency at the moment of transaction. Not unlike buying 1 share of AAPL stock at 30 bucks and selling 1 share of AAPL stock at $700 -  Still only 1 share but the $ USD value has a gain of $670.00.     Not sure Im following your alternate example? Are you referring to Forex markets or inflation?  Forex losses are deductible if you are trader. Inflation?  -  well - tides rise all boats - you lost some buying power but your assets are more valuable.  Is that what you mean?  Sorry if I missed it.': 1, 'I just simply dont report any income I get on jobs that pay in bitcoin. Of course this is just a hypothetical example.\n\nBesides, I lost all my bitcoins in a boating accident, all those bitcoins weighted the boat down too much.': 2, 'What I wonder is what would be the most effective way to launder the gains? \n;)\n': 1, "I don't care if the goverment stop running, in fact it would be a great news probably better than Jesus's second coming itself...": 1, 'Quick question. I am a dual citizen and often buy/sell btc in both continents. The vast majority of the time I do so for remittance purposes to move money between European and US accounts. In these circumstances the price doesn\'t fluctuate between transfers (30 mins is the typical execution time). \n\nMy first two questions are:\n\nCan I argue this as being a neglectable taxable event?\n\nIs it even a taxable event if I, say, but btc with euros and sell them for usd?  \n\nIn the future I may want to sell some of my cold storage coins. I was wondering if the following procedure would limit my tax liabilities as a US citizen. \n\nSince most of my coins are bought in euros, can I sell them for euros (non-taxable event) and then immediately buy them back to transfer/sell them for USD as a normal remittance this creating a "neglectable" taxable event? \n\nThanks for your help to the community! ': 2, "It's ok.... I'm aware that r/bitcoin is infested with government shills and trolls, that will attempt to down vote or obfuscate any comment that does not confirm to their corrupt agenda.\n\nThey know that **Bitcoin** and **non compliance** will defeat them, fuck their tax.": 4, 'Does this concern only the US law on tax?': 10, 'How would the IRS determine whether you spent your bitcoin or simply transferred it to another address under your control? One which you may have forgotten the keys to.': 6, "Yeah, absolutely. What we need is for the top tier to live tax free existences. That'll give everyone else motivation to join them if only they could work a little harder, or get born to the right set of parents. The second choice is generally the easiest, btw, if you've got the forethought. ": 0, "Hey! Sheeple  here are some interesting facts, **90%** of Tax is utilised for weapons manufacturing, **5%** is stolen by corrupt government officials  and their cohorts to enrich themselves and their nefarious network.\n\nThe remaining **5%** is utilised for infrastructure and everything else. \n\nSubsequently the above is theft, and **no one should comply and pay any tax**, the aforementioned corrupt system is enforced at gunpoint within most jurisdictions around the world.\n\nTherefore one of the main solution's to the above, **buy bitcoin**, and tell the tax man to **GTFO!**\n\n ": 2, '1. Foreign exchange gains are taxable events. ': 1, "I'm absolutely not an expert, but...\n\n> If a miner mines a bunch of bitcoins that are worthless, and the price changes to $400 a coin that is probably capital gains;\n\nYes\n\n> if the a miner mines bitcoins and the price is $400, that's 100% ordinary income?\n\nYes, and then if they subsequently rise further to say $500, and you sell them at that point that's a further capital gain of $100 on top of the taxable income of $400. Or if you sell them immediately then it's only income, no capital gains.": 1, 'Glad you got yours, guess the rest of us are fucked.': 1, "Easy solution: goverment should remove Capital Gain taxes it's a useless tax anyway and it too much a burdensome for business individuals and even the tax collector itself !": 3, 'If a US business were to pay a monthly franchise fee to its foreign franchisor in Bitcoin how would this be viewed by the tax man pre and post adoption of your proposal?\n\nThanks,': 1, 'Except for the fact they are using our tax dollars to arm radical islamist jihadists as a proxy force for regime change in Syria, to ferment bloody coups all over the world, and all other manner of horrible things. When you pay your taxes, you are supporting an inherently corrupt and evil imperialist system, and if you refuse, they make your life hell.': 4, "Or, some of your downvotes may be coming from people who aren't complete shitbags and pay their taxes like a law-abiding citizen should.  You're not above the law, but keep trying to justify it. It will catch up with you one day.": -3, ">Everything is loose, open to interpretation by the tax payer, and with strategic guidance, can prove incredibly tax favorable ultimately. It is wise for a business to accept Bitcoin for many reasons, including that broad opportunity for interpretation while staying true to the property guidance.\n\nHelpful perspective that I hadn't seen before.\n\nHow similar are the tax rules around buying/selling gold for cash? It seems there could be many similarities, and so some some legal precedent for the validity of various tax-optimization strategies.": 1, 'Baa baa!': 3, "Does this work the same way for bitcoin mining? It would seem it doesn't.\n\nIf a miner mines a bunch of bitcoins that are worthless, and the price changes to $400 a coin that is probably capital gains; if the a miner mines bitcoins and the price is $400, that's 100% ordinary income?\n\nWhat I'm confused about is the rate of taxation applied. Are both applied?\n\nThe quote I quoted seems to suggest that in both scenarios, the miner would be subject to the capital gains tax rate.": 1, "How does the IRS come to the decision that it should be a property, currency, etc?    These aren't elected officials so who makes the decision and how do we change it?  ": 2, ">Your bitcoin gains will only be taxed at your capital gains rate instead of as ordinary income, a higher rate.\n\nIf an employer pays his employees in bits, does that mean that the employee doesn't pay income tax but rather capital gains tax?\n\nIf so, couldn't employers pay employees less and employees still get the same net pay due to the savings from paying less in taxes?\n\nI feel like I have to be missing something or misunderstanding something here.": 1, 'I think so.': 1, 'My understanding is that the difference between what you "acquired" the bitcoin for and the "sale" of that acquisition is taxable.\n\nFor example and Ill use easy numbers (bitcoin price is $100.00):\n\nScenario 1. Say you "acquired" a single bitcoin for $100.00 and immediately purchased a $100.00 bicycle using bitcoin, there is no tax event. \n\nScenario 2. Say you "acquired" a single bitcoin for $100.00 and after one week the price of bitcoin went up to $120.00 each. Now you went out and bought a new leather jacket for $120.00 in bitcoin.  There is a $20.00 gain and now you have a tax event. That $20 gain, regardless of the fact it was part of a bitcoin transaction, is still taxable. \n\nPlease correct me if Im wrong.  ': 1, "That document from the IRS is guidance.  It was based on the fact that most Bitcoin transactions at that time were on exchanges rather than buying goods and services.  From what I understand if you use Bitcoin primarily as a currency you can possibly have it treated that way now.  of course it is best to change that ruling as the OP points out.  The guidance document also has IRS contacts and I have spoken with them before about Bitcoin.\n\nAs for supporting such a change the way to do it is to increase Bitcoin commerce.  Some people say this will cause the price to crash because merchants will cash in their Bitcoin but if people were buying Bitcoin as it gets cashed in then the price won't crash.  You should also follow the suggesting in the OP.": -1, 'Hey, you *can* claim a loss... lol': 2, "And I took the risk of loss.  \n\nThe government didn't. \n\nTherefore government shouldn't be entitled to my gains.  \n\nIt's as simple as that.  In my tiny brain :)\n\nUnless they'd like to reimburse me for losses when I gamble with my post-tax money?\n\n.... didn't think so. ": 1, "I agree with you 100%, but it can be hard not to pay your taxes for most people.. it's fairly difficult to do everything under the radar.": 2, 'This really needs more up votes. \n': 1, "Therein lies the difference, I'm **enlightened** and **overstand,** you **understand** and are compliant, we are poles apart.\n\nIt's very simple, it's crystal clear to the **enlightened**, the current World Tax system is **corrupt** and unsustainable.\n\nThe **corrupt** wish to keep the status quo \nand mislead the **dumb/sheeple** that everything is ok, and utilise **shills/trolls** including **neanderthals** to enforce this\n*Bull shit!* \n\nTherefore you can take your 2 month old alt reddit account, and kiss my **enlightened** arse!\n  \n1. Enlightened \n\n2. Corrupt\n\n3. Dumb/Sheeple\n\n4. Shill/Troll/Neanderthal ": -1, 'Question, If I hold btc and never exchange it to USD and one day it gets declared a currency, do I have to pay capital gains?': 1, "I think a bitcoin gain refers to the price increase in USD of bitcoin you're holding. If you are paid in bitcoin, that's not the same, you would have regular income tax on the based on its value in USD at the time you can received it, and then any subsequent change in value of that bitcoin you're now holding would be subject to to further capital gains or losses.": 2, 'Ahh! the all seeing *"Radar",* the wealthy do not participate in society, they **control it**.\n\nI suspect you do not have  an off shore Panama account, so buy Bitcoin.': 1, 'Only **sheeple** are offended!': 2, 'Great story. Good on you for reaching out. ': 1, 'Do you think the wash-sale rules can/should be applied to Bitcoin trading?': 1, 'This always confuses me because. Say, I spend 100$ to buy one Bitcoin. \n\nThen later I spend 1 Bitcoin on a bike. Or one Bitcoin on a leather jacket. How would I know the dollar equivalent of either of those things when they are priced in Bitcoin and I buy with Bitcoin?\n\nAlternatively, does that mean each time I earn a dollar, then wait some time for the US to debase the dollar more I can deduct the difference of what used to cost $0.80 when I earned the dollar to what now costs a $1.00?': 2, 'You could have said that you were based and practicing in USA.\n\n/r/bitcoin is an international forum and not just limited to USA.': 1, 'Theft. The Dude abides, man!  Kinda rude calling everyone sheeple. Especially those who save and use Bitcoin. ': 1, "What if we think taxation is theft and illegal and don't report anything related to bitcoin to the IRS because they can go fuck themselves?": 5}, ('Why US FinTech is a Joke', 1): {'Asia: how about this idea, *no regs at all* until you hit a certain size\n\nhttp://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-04-13/singapore-to-regulate-fintech-firms-only-when-they-pose-risks\n\nOr this:\nhttp://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-04-10/india-s-audacious-plan-to-bring-digital-banking-to-1-2-billion-people\n\nOr China:\n\nhttp://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-03-08/china-state-backed-venture-funds-tripled-to-338-billion-in-2015\n\nAsia. Move now, US regulatory is getting worse, not better.': 2}, ('Historical Bitcoin bubble charts and predictions.', 0): {}, ('Any Finnish speakers able to help! (small translation needed for a bitcoin survey)', 0): {}, ('Report: Bitcoin is Legal in India', 67): {"It's just a story but I don't think it's still official. ": 1, 'It would be great if that was true indeed. ': 1, "Well it's not clear in text but it'll be great if it's true.": 0, "Misleading title - it's a research paper that concludes that it's legal because it hasn't been declared illegal. ": 8, 'Ya there are lots of Indians': 1, 'Report: Bitcoin is currently not illegal in India': 2, '[Good news, everyone!](http://imgur.com/gallery/vfKwHEB)': 1}, ('Fourth Arrest Made in FBI Case Against Coin.mx Exchange', 0): {}, ('\xe2\x9a\xa0\xef\xb8\x8f SCAM ALERT \xe2\x9b\x94\xef\xb8\x8f We have just reported a copycat app on Google Play Store that impersonates Coinoni Wallet. \xe2\x9b\x94\xef\xb8\x8f', 164): {'Here is the report URL: https://support.google.com/googleplay/android-developer/contact/takedown': 4, 'That dude on the internet is also a member of the Coinomi Team': 2, '[deleted]': 2, "Why can't you spell your name correctly? ": 1, '"just a typo" you made on twitter ("#CoinoniWallet") *and* reddit ("Coinoni Wallet")?\n': 0, 'Thanks for sharing, people be aware of this and report it': 3, 'wouldn\'t it be adequeate to point to both the fake version and the true version?\n\nI installed some app called "coinomi" 2 days ago. How to find out if it\'s the scam one?\n\nWhy does it say "coinoni" (with an n instead of an m) in the title.': 2, "[REAL COINOMI WALLET](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.coinomi.wallet)\n\n\n\xe2\x9b\x94\xef\xb8\x8fSCAM: \n[FAKE APP - No Reviews](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.coinomi.wallet.version)\n\n[LOW # OF INSTALLS]http://imgur.com/TGQBh4V\n\n\nPS. Apologies for the typo! It's Coinomi!! \xf0\x9f\x91\x8d\xf0\x9f\x8f\xbb": 1, 'This should be stickied, where are the mods.': 3, '[**@CoinomiWallet**](https://twitter.com/CoinomiWallet/)\r\n\r\n> [2016-04-25 22:29 UTC](https://twitter.com/CoinomiWallet/status/724727168463454209)\r\n\r\n> @cotta3 no that was just a typo\r\n\r\n----\r\n\r\n^This ^message ^was ^created ^by ^a ^bot\r\n\r\n[^[Contact ^creator]](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=jasie3k&amp;subject=TweetsInCommentsBot)[^[Source ^code]](https://github.com/janpetryk/reddit-bot)\r\n': 1, 'You can find the link to download the real app at: https://coinomi.com/': 2, 'WTF:\n\nYou say there is a copycat app that impersonates "Coino**n**i" Wallet! And you do not provide any link, neither to the right nor to the wrong app.\n\nAs far as I know, the CORRECT app is called "Coino**m**i".\n\nAre you trying to tell us that "Coino**n**i" is the correct app and is impersonated by "Coino**m**i"?\n\nIf so, readers be weary! Because to all I know, the proper name is "Coino**m**i", and something called "Coino**n**i" is the copycat, and not the other way round, as the headline of this thread is suggesting!!!': 3, "it's just a typo. COINOMI is the real App. https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/4gdouw/scam_alert_we_have_just_reported_a_copycat_app_on/d2hret5": 1, 'The link to download the real app can be found under: https://coinomi.com/': 2, 'says some dude on the internet ?!?\n\ndon\'t believe this guy, real app is on https://coinoni.scamfest.cc\n\ndidn\'t you read the tweet: the scammer impersonates the real coinoni wallet using the obviously misleading fake "coinomi" name.\n': -1, 'thanks. This is very helpful. This can be used to check installed app (menu -> contact support -> check email address)\n': 2, 'ok, cool, dude. \nMy point is: in a case like this the user named "coinomi" should be setting things straight and posting correct links and such.\n\n*you* could be anyone for all I know, right?\n\nThanks for an awesome wallet, btw.': 1, '[**@CoinomiWallet**](https://twitter.com/CoinomiWallet):\n>[2016-04-25 12:49:08 UTC](https://twitter.com/CoinomiWallet/status/724581005747716097)\n\n>[#SCAM](https://twitter.com/search?q=%23SCAM) [#ALERT](https://twitter.com/search?q=%23ALERT) \xe2\x9a\xa0\xef\xb8\x8f We have just reported a copycat app on [#PlayStore](https://twitter.com/search?q=%23PlayStore) that impersonates [#CoinoniWallet](https://twitter.com/search?q=%23CoinoniWallet). \xe2\x9b\x94\xef\xb8\x8f  PLS Report: [*play.google.com*](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.coinomi.wallet.version)\n\n----\n\n[^[Mistake?]](/message/compose/?to=TweetPoster&subject=Error%20Report&message=/4gdouw%0A%0APlease leave above link unaltered.)\n[^[Suggestion]](/message/compose/?to=TweetPoster&subject=Suggestion)\n[^[FAQ]](/r/TweetPoster/comments/13relk/)\n[^[Code]](https://github.com/joealcorn/TweetPoster)\n[^[Issues]](https://github.com/joealcorn/TweetPoster/issues)\n': 5}, ('Peter Todd approached by US Govt for sentiment analysis. He declined.', 176): {"I don't blame you Peter.  You can do more damage by simply coding.  Being in jail or in some random country locked in a room doesn't help at all. I mean look at Edward.  what did his sacrifice get us?  \n\nAlso powerful xyz is from the Joe rogan podcast :)  that's how I was introduced to bitcoin.  He had Andreas on. \n\n": 4, 'We need role models for others to make turning down this kind of work a perfectly normal thing to do.': 20, 'Thank you Peter for not sacrificing honor for money.': 20, 'Respect for laughingly rejecting that gig!': 5, '[**@petertoddbtc**](https://twitter.com/petertoddbtc):\n>[2016-04-24 21:17:07 UTC](https://twitter.com/petertoddbtc/status/724346457696907264)\n\n>Lol, just got off a call re: a consulting gig for a US govt. project to do sentiment analysis on BTC blockchain for intelligence purposes...\n\n----\n\n[^[Mistake?]](/message/compose/?to=TweetPoster&subject=Error%20Report&message=/4gbz26%0A%0APlease leave above link unaltered.)\n[^[Suggestion]](/message/compose/?to=TweetPoster&subject=Suggestion)\n[^[FAQ]](/r/TweetPoster/comments/13relk/)\n[^[Code]](https://github.com/joealcorn/TweetPoster)\n[^[Issues]](https://github.com/joealcorn/TweetPoster/issues)\n': 2, 'There is nothing wrong about sentiment analysis. No ethical reason to turn the job down.': -10, 'Plot twist, anyone?': 3, 'Why would I need to do that? You seem to have a problem differentiating between a bitcoin advocate and a sophisticated bitcoin troll.': 1, "Damned if you do, damned if you don't. He decides to be open and honest about it instead of saying nothing, and clowns like you jump to wild conspiracy theories. He could have just said nothing and given you no ammunition to work off, and if he was seriously working against Bitcoin (which, does not even make sense to begin with) then he would have done exactly that and just said nothing. Please stop being so paranoid and ridiculous.": 2, "RaptorXP is a blocksize troll, I wouldn't worry about it. You did the right thing.": 7, "After we've seen the government abuse the beautiful tools people have made in computer science, I'd say the same thing.\n\nBitcoin is OURS, and no government or corporate interest will change that.": 3, "He's not in denial of his influence. True humility doesn't mean that you don't have self regard, rather it means that you think of others first.": 6, '> for sentiment analysis. \n\nWhat the hell is that? sounds creepy.': 1, 'Puffery.': -2, 'How about having the Bitcoin source code chiseled into the blockchain? First the full source, then just the diffs. Build some tooling around it.': 3, 'And as usual, felt obligated to brag about it on Twitter.': -6, "> are attention-tolling so I would not read too much into this.\n\nSorta like what you're doing, huh?": 11, '[**@petertoddbtc**](https://twitter.com/petertoddbtc/)\r\n\r\n> [2016-04-24 21:20 UTC](https://twitter.com/petertoddbtc/status/724347278572556288)\r\n\r\n> Explained to them that I was happy to work on finding privacy security vulnerabilities but only if I could then publish/fix them...\r\n\r\n----\r\n\r\n^This ^message ^was ^created ^by ^a ^bot\r\n\r\n[^[Contact ^creator]](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=jasie3k&amp;subject=TweetsInCommentsBot)[^[Source ^code]](https://github.com/janpetryk/reddit-bot)\r\n': 8, '"Sentiment Analysis" is that another way to monitor transactions?': 1, 'Good Canadian warrant canary. Hope this is a trend, Well done Peter Todd.': 25, "he'll do it for double that price": 5, "There's a another subreddit that you might want to visit. We are r/buttcoin ": 1, 'I can\'t understand what "sentiment analysis" has to do with the Bitcoin blockchain. Other than determining how people (or governments) might *feel* about the technology itself based on their writings/statements, I can\'t think of a single way in which the two disciplines might intersect...?\n\n/u/petertodd, what were they asking you to do, exactly? Also, can you name the contractor, or do you prefer not to?': 2, 'In case you\'re dumb, like me: [sentiment analysis](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sentiment_analysis)\n\n\nThis seems kinda creepy, especially with all the shady US election business...\n\n\n"Ok, from the accumulated sentiment and social media data we can see Hillary has insurmountable negative sentiment as #Hitllary and #ScumBitch continue trending on Twitter despite our \'Correct Social Media\' SuperPac..."\n\n\n *sighs*\n\n\n"Gentlemen, my only question is this: how can we coerce America to hate this horrible woman less?"': 17, "Yeah, it was only semi-serious and a bit tongue-in-cheek at the faddishness of warrant canaries (which might be cool to toy with but overkill in most cases).\n\nIn the same vein as the cold wallet deadman's switch that burns all your coins. Think we could use CLTV to do that?": 2, 'he is mate, get over it.': 14, "This just goes to show that the core devs have their heart in the right place, they aren't sell outs.": 3, "Absolutely, but a warrant canary won't change that fact IMO. I have always felt that warrant canaries give a false sense of security.": 5, 'Did you actually say no or did they hang up after 5 minutes of non stop laughter? Well done Peter, hopefully you set the ball rolling.': 2, 'Exactly. Remember how the crooks passed the Federal Reserve back in 1913? They did it while Congress was mostly away for the holidays. (or something like that). Keep an eye out!': 3, 'As if someone like PT who understands exactly why Bitcoin exists would go sit in the lap of a Gov institution and help them get control over Bitcoin. Lol indeed.': 6, "As much as I like him, I wouldn't trust anyone blindly. I like the warrant canary idea suggested above.": 2, 'i wonder if they offered him payment in fiat or bitcoin :D': 2, 'Peter, ask you know who for his referral code': 0, 'hmm...\n\nWhat if everyone who ACKed would add a PGP signature of the most recent commit in the PR and append it to a file in a PR to that branch (being used in the original PR) and then if the commits are modified after merging, it would leave a record.\n\nSounds kind of clumsy, but it could offer a small sense of security, especially if it was signed by a bunch of well known people...\n\nThe only problem is, not many people (even professional devs) know how to fork a fork, make a pull request to that fork so that the pull request is reflected in the pull request.\n\nObligatory:\n\nhttps://cdn.meme.am/instances/500x/68050108.jpg': 5, 'It also could have been a headhunter who just calls many people without really understanding who they were calling.  If they visit your blog and your conspiracy theory posts about "leaked documents" I am sure they would find you didn\'t meet the qualifications.  Also, most government agencies have flex time and telework so an off-hours call may not be unusual from a government agency (of course that did not happen here).': -8, 'Hey. You should have said yes and that you only accept Bitcoin. Watch them squirm around.  ': 3, "That's not what sentiment analysis is.\n\nI've worked on genuine sentiment analysis solutions designed to identify insider threats based on the *sentiment* of employee messages and emails. \n\nIt's also used by many very large companies to analyze open source and social media content for marketing, political, and other purposes.\n\nCompanies like HP and IBM have been building genuine sentiment analysis solutions for several years now. It's a very interesting concept involving NLP, lots of unstructured data, and even some AI thrown in for good measure.\n\nWhat you described is simply blockchain analysis using various analytical tools. Examples include the tools and services offered by startups like Chainalysis, Coinalytics, Elliptic, Blockseer, CoinLab, etc...": 1, 'You missed the part where he said he loved him.': 4, 'Thanks, but the only "powerful" thing about those tweets is I happen to have 11k twitter followers. Truly powerful - and brave - would be to accept the job and then leak it, but I\'m no Snowden - I\'m just a regular guy, and I would expect anyone in my position to have turned down that work.': 12, "At this point he should probably be publishing a regular warrant canary to say that he isn't in the employ, or working under duress, gag order etc of any organisation (except for those he's explicitly announced).\n\nI mean how would we know if what he has just published isn't just a beautiful cover lie for some other equally despicable/nefarious behaviour? (I luv him really).": 10, '> Now all we need to worry about is github being in on it lol.\n\nYes, exactly! Kudos for you recognising that.': 11, 'Of course it was a contractor - the US government mostly outsources military and intelligence tech to contractors rather than keep capabilities in house; Snowden was a contractor.\n\nBesides, what government agency would be willing to call you on a Sunday?': 20, 'Interesting timing: https://theintercept.com/2016/04/14/in-undisclosed-cia-investments-social-media-mining-looms-large/': 1, "Thanks for your hard work Peter, the fact that you were open about this sort of thing demonstrates you're a good person and care about Bitcoin. I appreciate the sentiment.": 8, 'Very nice. Now all we need to worry about is github being in on it lol.\n\n> I often do pull-req pull-reqs!\n\nxzibit would be proud... *tear*': 6, 'Good on you, Peter.  ': 4, 'The gullibility level is just too high around here.': -3, 'Source?': 1, "It's baffles me how anyone thinks he sincere.": -8, 'Sentiment Analysis is code to extract information. Presumably to help the Feds identify certain types of transactions etc.. Anyway, the whole thing is pretty stupid and immature to post about. "Trust me because I declined an interview"': 0, 'Sentiment Analysis, in my line of work, simply involves NLP, Text Analysis to pull specific data from a source, but your explanation of course makes sense for a government agency.': 1, 'Well it was a tweet. What do you expected a thesis?': 1, 'Easily baffled.': 4, 'Powerful Peter todd. I love that guy.  ': 5, "+1 beer /u/changetip\n\nSomething that's be useful in that regard would be people monitoring if what actually gets committed matches the pull-req that got reviewed; something that really bothered me about Bitcoin XT is that Mike Hearn would frequently commit different code than what was actually reviewed in the pull-reqs.": 30, 'The tweet does not say he was approached by the US government.  It says he was approached to work on the US government project which means probably means a contractor.  This guy always claims to have all these job offers and clients and many of his postings are attention-tolling so I would not read too much into this.': -14, 'Great to hear! You can always count on Peter to do the right thing.': 1, 'I just realized this very moment from your post who Satoshi is. Linus Torvalds!  \n\nLinux \nGit\nBitcoin\n\nIt all makes sense. ': 4, 'You view yourself as a "role model."  Interesting.  ': -13, 'i wish I could make a living from bitcoin any more': 1, 'Why do we never hear of anyone else being made such offers?': 1, "Better yet is if I'm in a position where I can't do any harm even under duress. Which is easier given I don't have commit access to any important software repos other than python-bitcoinlib; most of my work is pure consulting.\n\nI've pointed out to Tor devs I know how Bitcoin in general is more resistant to bad actors because the underlying security assumptions are based on economic self-interest rather than trust; unfortunately that's not possible in Tor as there is no way I can prove to you that I'm not selling logs.": 22, '> sentiment analysis\n\nhe later replied:\n\n> I think by "sentiment" they really meant things like large volumes being moved unexpectedly; how traders would use the term.': 10, 'He seem to do it for the money, the real money (bitcoin).': 5, "I'm sure someone has had the idea to make a P2P Github clone?  Or does the reputation system in Github make it worth the trade-off of not being P2P?": 2, "What if they actually couldn't get the clearance even if they wanted to?": 2, 'https://twitter.com/petertoddbtc/status/724347278572556288': 13, '*kinoshitajona* received a tip for 1 beer (7,645 bits/$3.50).\n\n\n\n\n--\n\n[^^what ^^is ^^ChangeTip?](https://www.reddit.com/r/changetip/wiki/tipping-on-reddit)': 1, '>  I like the warrant canary idea suggested above.\n\nGovernment could make warrant canaries illegal, or torture and/or threaten you until you renew the warrant canary.': 4, 'I love how this fluff twitter post shows up for people to trust Peter Todd again after people realized he wants to centrally plan (to delay) the next halving and increase the 21 million Bitcoin cap. Two things that should NEVER happen.': 1, 'Why does the government have money to spend on this? ': 4, "We're now getting people to ACK specific commit IDs, which is a big help; PGP would be even better but without dedicated software to do it it'll never be convenient enough.\n\nI often do pull-req pull-reqs! E.g. if I think some small changes to a pull need to be made, I'll make a pull-req to the devs repo, and then if they merge those changes it'll automatically show up in the original pull-req.": 7, 'They just need to keep replacing it with larger bribes until he accepts.': 2, '>I appreciate the sentiment.\n\n**ANALYZING...**': 3, "Thought exercise:\n\n> How would we defend against a compromised Core dev?\n\nHave a non-compromised person review the code.\n\n> How do we know that everyone isn't compromised?\n\nThe more people reviewing the better. Newbs welcome. (New to the project, not new to C++)\n\n> Does every Core dev need a warrant canary?\n\nMaybe people with commit access could do it as a sign of good faith, but to be honest, if committers start rushing PRs through without outside review constantly, and involving sensitive areas of the code, the non-compromised members of the Core project will fork the git and forcibly remove commit privileges from the people who were abusing them.": 16}, ('Hi guys/girls, could help us (if you have some time to kill) by taking part in the 2016 Crpytocurrency survey?', 0): {}, ('Andreas Antonopoulos, MOLON LABE', 25): {'Yeap at the MooC by University of Nicosia': 1, "I can't imagine how cool could it be\n": 1, "He's great, I truly love him\n": 1, 'Student of Andreas? Lucky you! ;-)\n': 1, "Let's bring more attention to this genius. Nice work Sotoshigallery": 2, "Let's not make Andreas a martyr... Bringing too much attention to his person will raise alerts of feds and soon we will see fabricated cases against him...  \nHe's doing a great job and also his latest speeches have a accentuated tone against the actual system and feds sure don't like that. We better do not throw the shit into the fan. Let the feds put their fingers into the fan...": -2, "I don't want to make him a martyr... My art project is about Bitcoin, the story and the people of the community that spread the message. Andreas is definitely one of them and deserves attention. ": 1, "Thanks! That's right...but from an artistic point of view I imagine him as a warrior! ;-) Molon Labe!\n ": 1, 'So much impressions from one guy, he is doing really nice job. ': 1, 'Truly a great job': 1, 'Mo labia for Andreas': -1, '>According to Herodotus, when the Persian armies demanded that the Greeks surrender their weapons at the Battle of Thermopylae, King Leonidas reaponded with this phrase.\n\n\n\naaaand they all died. \n': 2, "Thank you! I am trying to introduce people to bitcoin through art. I know it's a difficult task, especially when the Bitcoin logo is an uppercase B with two lines through it...but I think bitcoin must be viewed from a different prespective to the general public, we have to spark people's curiosity, open their mind and help them approaching in an easier way. You can follow my art project both on instagram or on twitter! Cheers": 1, 'Being a Spartan and a student of Andreas this bring a big smile to my face ': 1, "It's good! \n\nI kind of get a kick out of flabby white balding ancient warrior.  \n\nDon't get me wrong. He's great but more of orator than warrior.  \n\nBut in any case, Molon Labe!": 0, 'Andreas is the best, I love listening this guy.': 3}, ('Local Bitcoins orbuy Bitcoins somewhere else (with Skrill)?', 2): {"Well it's not such a great feature.": 1, "I intend to spend my money on Skrill since I can't withdraw or spend it on anything else. Is local bitcoins worthy? Also, what difference does it make if I buy BTC locally instead of from seller that offers for lowest possible price?": 1}}}